 Shreyas R 	  Best superhero movie! It digs into the self life of superhero which makes us step into his shoes! Great movie! Loved it!
 Alex L 	  Absolutely incredibleOnly just behind the dark knight in BEST superhero movies OF ALL TIME
 Chris S 	  Action/Drama with good pacing and acting. The story has some issues, but still a very good "superhero" flick.
 Casey D 	  I guess I am in the minority here in thinking this was just an "ok" movie. I guess from all the rave reviews I expected so much more than a solemn, half-hearted story arc that struggled to connect the dots enough to form a plot on it's own that didn't require much previous content knowledge by the viewer. Xavier's role was almost unnecessary, and the "grittiness" of the movie was honestly more about the setting than the feel of the characters for me. Was it good? Sure. Do I think it was as great as it's being touted to be? No.
 Jonathan R 	  Good end to an amazing series! We love you Hugh!
 Alan W 	  After 2 critical and box office misfires, it would seem that the standalone Wolverine film was cursed to fail... until now. Ditching the tired superhero movie formula, this is linear, leaner and grittier than before, amping up the character study and pathos for a more sombre and mature exercise in storytelling. We are down to 3 X-Men characters on top of the mysterious Laura - a young girl who provides the main thrust of the narrative by seeking the help of Logan, or James Howlett to be exact, an exhausted wreck of his previous self and now working as a limo driver after unidentified incidents saw him and Charles Xavier living in exile in Mexico. Free from the shackles of the X-Men series (the meta-nod half way through the film is an inspired move) and the family friendly rating, the film is more low-key and brooding; the action sequences, when they happen but not as often as you expect, are more brutal and bloodied and the language more naturally sprinkled with expletives. Clearly influenced and played out like a Western, this film is all about redemption, aging and mortality and it is a beautiful and touching film that gives both Hugh Jackman and Patrick Stewart (and even Stephen Merchant who plays the new Bristolian Caliban) the opportunity to show themselves as proper actors capable of gravitas and emotional layers while slashing people's faces off. Last year's Deadpool signals that the oversaturated superhero genre can survive having, or maybe even needed, the postmodern piss taken out of it and laughed all the way to big box office returns. And now, Logan proves that the genre needs to keep evolving in order to sustain the interests of a jaded and unimpressed audience, not with bigger explosions or endless violence - though well crafted and visceral sequences like the ones we have here are certainly welcomed - but original storytelling that doesnt feel repetitive or overfamiliar while having the guts to take a little risk from time to time.
 David S 	  Another "superhero" movie that has left its cheesy roots behind and become a modern mature masterpiece. Dark Knight first pushed the envelope with what a superhero movie could be and Logan dispenses with the envelope entirely.
 Kevin H 	  A decent movie, great acting by Hugh Jackman and Patrick Stewart showing Superheros on the downside of life.Not a fan of making young children a large part of a plot, but it mostly worked here. The kids were more filler than major part. I particularly was impressed with the use of gore. This being Rated "R'" since the success of Deadpool....Instead of raunchy jokes and nudity this went for a darker theme.OVerall good not great.
 David L 	  Although definitely too violent, Logan is a very realistic, moving and sometimes even genuinely tragic and heartbreaking movie. The character development is absolutely fantastic, the performances from Patrick Stewart and Hugh Jackman are so good, the humor is quite strong and the film's action is so well executed, but also never overwhelming. It is such a well edited, clever and emotional film with a couple of truly moving and beautiful sequences that are hard to forget leading to such a phenomenal, genuinely different superhero outing that simultaneously works great as an X-Men and as a standalone movie.
 Lance F 	  Very little CGI and nearly all live action from real actors, alone makes this a far better film than the cookie cutter drivel Hollywood is foisting on the American public these days. The violence in this film feels real and visceral. Dafne Keen is best young actress I've seen in ages. In one terrific scene she quietly eats a bowl of cereal while being surrounded by a group of men trying to capture her. The director wisely doesn't try to manipulate emotions with deafening sound effects, instead just the look in her eyes conveys everything you need to know about what is about to happen.
 Lenny T 	  I know there has been a lot of great reviews for this movie ever I found it to be just ok.
 Bryant R 	  This movie is a great send off to Jackman! R Rating doesnt matter as long as the movie is good and Logan like Deadpool prove this. Also I believe R rating will make certain Superhero movies with traditionally violent superheroes more realistic since I cant imagine this in real life being PG.
 Aaron C 	  They killed wolverine!!!
 Jacob M 	  Very solid, certainly darker and more violent. It's the logical direction for the loner when removed from his positive influences. Don't worry he's still a big teddy bear deep under all the booze and profanity.
 Matheus S 	   um filme absurdamente bem trabalhado. Boa fotografia, boa histria. Uma concluso simplesmente arrebatadora para Logan. Hugh Jackman se doou nesse filme e a gente v isso pelos vdeos que ele posta nas redes trabalhando no personagem. No seja trouxa: o filme  MUITO, MUITO VIOLENTO. Violento at mais do que eu esperava, mas  essa a essncia. Marco Beltrami fez uma msica absurda tambm. Eu t muito feliz por esse filme.  o melhor filme de HQ que eu j vi at hoje.
 Chris P 	  I really liked the movie. It was really emotionally in some parts of the movie. But this was a really awesome movie. This movie had everything from Action, thrilling, Emotionally, Adventure.
 Krishna G 	  Action packed and well defined.
 Neil B 	  Such a disappointment! The movie was disjointed and fractious and didn't flow well at all! The action scenes were explosive, gory and everything we'd been led to expect from the months and months (and months!) of pre-release hype but the rest of the film was drawn-out and ill-defined. Many plot lines/side stories/back-stories were mentioned but then either ignored/forgotten or lightly glossed over. Certainly NOT a fitting farewell to Wolverine (Hugh Jackman) and Prof. X (Patrick Stewart) but a perfect intro to the next generation of mutants.
 Marden P 	  Best XMEN movie ever!
 James W 	  A sweary Xfest. Nothing much happens
 Alison W 	  Logan was entertaining. I don't watch many comic movies, but I enjoyed getting to know the characters, their skills and seeing the special effects. However, Logan was about 40 minutes too long. I found myself constantly looking at my watch to figure out when it would end because I was falling asleep. The people in my row kept checking their phones to see the time too. If you're very well rested and have time for a good action movie, I'd recommend it.
 Bob D 	  Horrible, depressing movie that spits on everything the X-Men was about. Xavier and Wolverine deserved better than this. It's not thoughtful or gritty-- it's full of holes, has only one note, and simply has defeated personalities put up a meager fight as they're ground into the dust. I won't be going to another Marvel movie without vetting it first-- this is a real betrayal.
 Sasha S 	  The best for last!!!
 Quintin E 	  Set in a very president date state of mine where outsiders are viewed as a threat and are limited in their choices for sanctuary... but when you band together with those "outsiders" their is hope... dark gritty action tragedy with sprinkles of light feel good humor... a beautiful ending... not necessarily one for all...
 Jiene C 	  Very creepy and gory violence. Much darker than other X Men. Sad to have my favorite character ruined in this dark movie.
 Jesus Randolfo L 	  It is a journey that ended in the best way leaves nothing to be owed
 JP D 	  What a Wolverine movie should've always been. Third times the charm.
 Zdravko R 	  Very cool film, and a fitting goodbye to Hugh Jackman who played the character perfectly for close to two decades.
 Tiberio S 	  Wow, Logan lovers seriously need to chill and cut out all this overreacting. You all bought into the hype of this being Hugh Jackman's last movie as the titular character, and you were sold. Sad. This mindlessly dull, visually unimaginative borefest is everything that's wrong with Hollywood. Mind you, after the smoke is cleared and the hype dies down, like Star Wars 7, you will all begin to see that this is not a good film. It's not that this is terribly bad filmmaking, it's just altogether uninteresting. Sure, it looks more gritty and realistic than other installments (except for the one flying Jackman shot, a tribute to a really corny idea started by Singer), but what does that amount to? This feels more like film sport than film art. If you're an aspiring filmmaker and you think this is what good filmmaking is, I hope you know that quitting is an option you should consider, and another career is a viable solution.First of all, don't kid yourself, this is surely the same old shit, coated in an R-rating so you feel like a bad kid doing a dangerous thing behind your parents back. It amounts to taking a fantasy story about a little girl who can destroy anybody, who in real life would anihilate her, and forcing you to take it extremely seriously. Serious R-rated movie about mutants, ROFL! Mangold does everything he can to fight back against the wonderment and joy of the Bryan Singer films, which give us fun, color, and adventure. Instead, Mangold retreads the same ground as he did with The Wolverine - slow, tedious melodrama, long drawn out glorified violence within action sequences that have no stakes because once again the heroes can just destroy anything and the bad guys are a bunch of idiots for repeatedly contending.And what are X-Men fans who have stuck by loyally for almost two decades treated to in the Wolverine's final outing? Sabretooth? Deadpool? Someone new and interesting? No, the climax is him vs him, and not in any kind of literary or psychologically symbolic form, but Logan vs his underdeveloped clone. All physical brawn, no brains, except for the adamantium bullet the clone takes. What a lame device. Nobody surrounding them is interesting, I don't even know who the villain is supposed to be... Luke Skywalker? What's with the hand thing, is that all he's got? I came to this film to see Patrick Stewart, he gave a solid performance, and the rest is disappointing.And don't get me started on the Lord of the Flies gang - seriously people? You really should be ashamed of yourselves if this is what tickles your fancy. Little kids fighting adults should look more like Hook - this is appalling. This and the clone fight insufficiently make up the third act. Despite all the wonderful things Deadpool did, I still felt it came up short because of a lame, one-dimensional, colorless villain. I said that as long as they never make that mistake again, these movies could be amazing. I never thought they would reach lower into their pocket and pull out something as egregiously low as this hand guy. He might've been interesting had he tried having a human moment like masturbating and accidentally pulling his dick off because he couldn't control that lame contraption on his wrist. Anything at all would've been more interesting than the action film conventionalism we were spoon fed.
 Wallace M 	  I thought that this was easily the best movie to ever involve an xmen character. It makes me almost sad that he will never do Wolverine again. It almost didn't even seem like a comic book movie it was that good.
 Arvin G 	  Logan, the last of the Wolverine Trilogy, is actually Fox's / Marvel's answer to DC's The Dark Knight Returns written by Frank Miller.Logan's grit, brutality, realistic cinematography, excellent writing and the actors' compelling performances which separates itself from being a comic book movie and will definitely end up being a cult classic gem.Sadly enough, despite numerous rumors surrounding Jackman's contract extension, this will be his last appearance as Wolverine, but the good news is, we are in for a ride in the most enthralling X-Men movie to date.I like Director James Mangold's vision of the film, and its not very often that the third movie of any franchises will come up on top, despite the Wolverine Trilogy's start was a bit shaky and full of viewer and critical backlash, Logan finally emerged from its ashes and broke the third installment curse.Both Jackman and Stewart already established the acting efficiency, but its a great wonder to see Dafne Keen's X-23 and she's a total badass kid.(SPOILER) Another thing Logan got right, that MCU (Marvel Cinematic Universe) can't do, is that they can kill their heroes. (Let's forget about the Quicksilver death in Avengers: Age of Ultron (2015) because that's just plain stupid) A death of a superhero isn't a bad thing, the message is, No One Is Safe, to show us what will happen if mutants really exists. They don't need a big violet murderer in the galaxy to push them, instead this film made us realize that our biggest villain is ourselves.I personally don't see Logan as a comic book movie but rather an interpretation of what's happening in the real world. The government's or the big companies selfish agenda for power and control for their personal gain and the few who risked their lives to save millions.
 Tim M 	  "Logan" is a more than fitting send off for Jackman's iconic character. It explores his darkness, depression, rage, and, most importantly, his character's humanity. It's not as much a super hero movie as it is a film about people who suffer from being superheroes.
 X P 	  Rated R = awesome! This is how he supposed to be. Brutal, violent and a f beast! If only the XMEN or Wolverine movies before this were R rated.
 Joe K 	  My first thoughts after seen Logan was eh that was just ok. The more I thought about it I felt this is the way that an X-Men movie should have been done. With virtually almost all the mutants gone it Logan and the Professor hiding from the world. Logan does not seem to care about the mutants that are left or dying off but just caring for the man who took a chance on him all those years ago. It is the Professor that reminds Logan of that when it comes to saving Laura/X-23. Go see Logan and fall in love with him one more time.
 Steven H 	  One of the best X-Men movies to date.
 Omar P 	  Amazing movie from start to finish. It was exiting and fun to watch.
 Beni G 	  So good! Same mixed feelings when that great TV Show you follow for years leaves the best to the end...
 Max W 	  4.5/5 it is a movie you need to see even though you arent a comic book fun.It has thriling, excitement ,drama and adventure,All managed well by director James Mangold.
 Joshua D 	  Make no mistake, Logan earns its tears. If Jackman and Stewart are serious about this being their mutual X-Men. Movie you have most certainly seen.
 Dashtag M 	  Very gruesome and cheesy violence. Logan may be a deep story with a nice friendship, but it tries to be as intense as it is stupid and confusing. The story is about child abuse and kidnapping, trying to get kids to become other people. Scenes are very disturbing and the amount of profanity is large. Cool ending and good acting. Could have toned it down though.
 Brian M 	  Terrible writing , another lame wolverine movie
 Sambo H 	  It's really good. You'll regret if you don't watch it
 Ricardo P 	  It was an amazingly emotional send off to the much beloved character of Wolverine. I highly recommended people watch this movie, not just comic lover or fans of the character but as an amazing spaghetti western drama.
 john k 	  Disappointing. How this movie gets a 92% fresh while The Accountant gets a 51% fresh is beyond me. I thought Mangold did a fantastic job with the 3:10 to Yuma remake. And to his credit he did a decent job with this movie, but there was way too much slashing and killing in this film for my taste. No thanks. I thought The Accountant was much more engaging and better thought through.
 Michael F 	  Great movie and story from beginning to end!
 Lee M 	  Strips away the spandex, the posse and the chaos, distilling the story down to the essence of the man, Logan. What's left is the agony and the ecstasy of mutanthood.
 Stephen M 	  What a brilliant film..I was surprised how good it was...The perfect end to the wolverine trilogy and everything a good film should be 10/10
 Cole W 	  With a somber tone, great performances, bloody and exciting action, and good depth in characters, Logan delivers a perfect outing for Hugh Jackman and Patrick Stewart in the X-Men universe in a very violent, gritty, emotional, and ultimately satisfying way. This is the Dark Knight of the X-Men movies.
 Elizabeth H 	  I never knew I wanted to see a little girl Wolverine.
 Glenn G 	  HELL OR HI, DAUGHTER - My Review of LOGAN (3 1/2 Stars)If you read my reviews with any regularity, then you already know my profound distaste for all things superhero. I can only take so many CGI-infested, nuance-deprived tales of good vs. evil wherein the third act consists of endless fights, explosions, and end-of-the-world scenarios. I just don't care, and even more importantly, I never remember a thing about these multiplex seat fillers. Having said that, LOGAN, the latest installment in the WOLVERINE/X-MEN series, is about as good and as unusual as one of these, to me, less than marvelous Marvel movies is going to get, so I'm giving credit where credit is due here. If you're a fan of ultra violent, neo-western-noir road movies, then LOGAN just may bowl you over. Once again, Hugh Jackman plays the title character at a juncture in his life where he just wants to hide away from the world. He's shored up with a very ill Professor X (Patrick Stewart) somewhere in Mexico when trouble in the form of a mysterious, silent little girl named Laura (Dafne Keen, and holy sh*t, more on this amazing talent in a bit!) upends their isolation by drawing various Big Bads to them. I won't say more about the story, but it's not spoiling anything to say that in a film starring Wolverine, the claws come out. LOGAN, directed and co-written by James Mangold (WALK THE LINE, GIRL INTERRUPTED, COPLAND) with additional writers Scott Frank (MINORITY REPORT, OUT OF SIGHT, LITTLE MAN TATE) and Michael Green (GREEN LANTERN, AMERICAN GODS), doesn't feel like most comic book extravaganzas. Fatigue sets the tone in this odd mixture of the world-weary western elements of HELL OR HIGH WATER and the father-daughter road relationship of PAPER MOON. Yes, the movie contains almost non-stop action and violence, but the settings seem gritty and real and the themes of aging and of giving up on life lend the movie more gravitas than one usually experiences with this genre. These are filmmakers who clearly elevate a genre I despise with adroit characterizations and plenty of grace notes. Now about that violence. It's an assault with more stabbing, dismemberments and beheadings than any film I can remember. It's aggressive, full throttle and seemingly without letup. Between that and the plethora of needle shots, I covered my eyes quite a bit. I haven't felt this pummeled by a film since MAD MAX: FURY ROAD, which also shares a lot of the same DNA. Both contain terrific performances and a careful attention to forward momentum. Yes, Jackman delivers big time with this angry, gut-busting primal scream of a performance, but it's Keen who astonishes. The earlier reference to PAPER MOON wasn't haphazard, as this has got to be one of the greatest child performances since Tatum O'Neal won her Oscar back in 1974. Keen has an incredible presence even when not speaking a word. So many child actors avoid eye contact with their co-stars and never appear to be listening, but Keen has a solid, frightening gaze and when she emotionally lets loose, it shot right through me. Although she first appeared in the TV series, THE REFUGEES from 2014-15, LOGAN marks her highly auspicious feature debut. Other notable performances include Stephen Merchant (the UK version of THE OFFICE) Caliban, a palpably frightened albino, and Eriq La Salle (ER), who does a nice job of sketching in family dynamics in what feels like a mini-movie right in the middle of the story. Stewart also adds some late-in-life texture to his now-familiar Professor character. Additionally, Cinematographer John Mathieson, no stranger to the genre, must have enjoyed shooting a film that takes place on earth and features great performances. He also has a field day with the "seizure" sequences, which also are stunning examples of sound editing and mixing.All good, right? Well.......ok, here's where the curmudgeon in me takes over. As I said earlier, this is as good as these movies are gonna get, but I won't remember anything about the story and just don't care anymore. I crave real stories about real people who don't have sharp blades sticking out of their knuckles. I've got nothing left in my tank for magical powers or energy being harnessed to make things fly in a huge swirly motion. I like real stakes that I can believe in to keep me involved. Sure, there's a place for fantasy and mind-bending science fiction, but when it's the only flavor being offered by the major studios, it makes me want to concentrate really hard, harness all of my energy, and lift them off their foundations and send them crashing into a black hole.
 dustin o 	  It delivers what the fans have always wanted..
 Joshua v 	  Finally a well-crafted and emotion thrill ride for one of the most recognizable suoerheroes outside of Disney's Marvel Universe. Logan is a grand send off for Hugh Jackman's legacy role, while potential leaving room for something new to be told about the mutant world.
 Dave L 	  amazing. graceful exit for the character and a nice high note for Hugh Jackman to walk away on from his signature character. It's the Unforgiven for the superhero set.
 Jon L 	  Loved this film one of the best marvel adaptations to date!
 Dolby M 	  This is a family road-trip film, with xmen.
 Alberto C 	  Logan it's an amazing written and directed movie with a great cast, a perfect adaptation from the comics, and it is in my opinion the best superhero movie to have ever existed even more than the dark knight.
 Mike B 	  Logan is a step up from our modern depiction of comic strip heroes on the big screen. This movie very little relates to what we have seen previously in the world of Marvel, both in terms of content and characterization. From start to finish, scene after scene was brutal, when the famous wolverine suffering through a depression which deprives him of all morals, turns into a true animal. With one last attempt to save the little good known to the few lasting mutants, Hugh Jackman sells his ability to portray an emotionally driven wolverine magnificently. With the help of a talented cast of supporting actors and perpetually thrilling screenplay, Logan is a satisfying conclusions to the reputable Wolverine.
 Rob P 	  An absolute masterpiece.
 Don S 	  Best of all the X-men films by far!!!
 Justin J 	  An absolutely moving experience that any movie fan should see. I have never said this about any other movie, but there is literally nothing wrong with this movie.
 James T 	  two words: damn good
 Dawid W 	  One of the best superhero (antihero) movie but it is different than others. For me also reflective.
 Justin J 	  An absolutely moving experience that any movie fan should see. I have never said this about any other movie, but there is literally nothing wrong with this movie.
 Ulises N 	  En cada nivel esta cinta triunfa. Un muy buen guin, actuaciones soberbias de sus protagonistas e incluso tanto visual como auditivamente. El maquillaje practico es tan real, las tomas son muy cuidadas y el sonido es fantstico. Adems de un soundtrack que pega muy fuerte.El tercer acto es pura tensin y con grandes escenas emotivas. Logan es un himno al personaje de las garras. Su naturaleza, crudeza y corazn estn plasmados con excelencia. Se siente la pasin de la gente que hizo la cinta, Hugh Jackman deja 100% de s mismo para el papel y es difcil dejar ir a este tan imponente actor. Logan es todo un triunfo.
 Luis G 	  A great film & ending to a great character!
 Kaleb S 	  Solid send off for Jackman. I haven't seen the other X-men movies in some time, but I'd be surprised if this doesn't top the rest.
 Daniel V 	  X2. Days of Future Past. Deadpool. Logan. This is how you make comic book movies. Especially if they involve the X-Verse. Jackman and Stewart deserve Oscar consideration and I think they might get it. Dafne Keene as Laura is a discovery and she has a very bright future ahead of her. This is one of the best comic book movies ever made and is one of the finest movies I have ever seen.
 Jaysen S 	  Time to finally review Logan.The movie Logan basically takes place in the future where the mutants are almost extinct and the stories of the X-men are remembered in comic books. What is good about this movie is that it can take place later in the new days of future past timeline, while acting as its own movie in a separate universe. One can by the beginning of the movie that something is wrong when Logan is much more fatigue and is not healing the way he use to. He is struggling to get medicine for Charles Xavier, while staying secret.This is Hugh Jackman's best performance as the character, because we are able to explore the wolverine persona inside of him that is still hanging, which allows us to understand the long struggle of Logan's own mortality. As his healing factor fades, he begins to seem more human and open up his soul to happiness and peace. Patrick Stewart was once again amazing and him and Jackman's chemistry is one point. Some of his lines were hit or miss due to some of the circumstances, but at times it was believable. Dafne Keen was great as Laura/X23 and her character benefited more by being Logan's daughter rather then clone.One thing the X-men movies usually tackles in their movies is prejudice, but this time the movie seems to do so with the mutants by showing the struggles of immigrants. This movie symbolizes how immigrants struggle so much to get to a place of peace and have to deal with much conflict to reach that peace. This allows the movie to have Logan represent the people in our society who are willing to put their needs aside in order to help those reach peace that the hero once had; wanting them to experience the happiness that they once or never felt.The action in this movie was great and I thought the R-rating allowed for more of the savage Wolverine and X23 to show their stuff, which leads into some of the problems I had with this movie. Some of the shaky cam and camera angles made it hard to focus in on the action that would take place. Sometimes when Wolverine and X23 would attack someone, the moment would look blurry at times and caused me to be taken out of the film for a moment and loose my excitement from watching the action on screen. The second act of the movie could have had more emotion and explored the family dynamic between Charles, Logan, and Laura more, rather slowing the movie down giving the audience a false sense of peace.Overall, I thought Logan was an excellent superhero movie that requires one to read in between the lines rather then ones traditional superhero film that is more straightforward. Great character depth that will put the audience on an emotional roller coaster. Logan gets an A-P.S.: I wish they had the budget to show some more mutant powers
 Ben T 	  Logan is the tenth instalment in the X-men franchise and marks the final performances for Hugh Jackman and Patrick Stewart as both Logan/Wolverine and Professor X. Both Jackman and Stewart both starred in the original X-men movie released 17 years ago so having this as their final film of the franchise meant a lot. This film is directed by James Mangold who previously directed films like 3:10 to Yuma, Walk the Line and 2013's underrated The Wolverine. Logan is a truly fantastic film that is an absolute breath of fresh air for the both the X-men films and also superhero films in general. A lot like 2008's masterpiece The Dark Knight, Logan feels more like a gritty drama with superhero elements than a comic book movie through and through. Logan is such a refreshing movie as it doesn't have to set up a big universe or however many future movies, instead it tells its own contained story which I loved. There are so many positives to talk about but the acting is one of the biggest. Hugh Jackman has been playing this role for 17 years and has been in every X-men film, except for Deadpool, in some shape or form. In Logan his performance is the culmination of all those years and Jackman gives probably the best performance of his career. He plays a dramatic, broken man who is a shell of what we saw in the first movie and Jackman puts his all into it. I've seen some people says his performance is Oscar worthy and while it unfortunately won't happen it is a one hundred percent correct statement. Patrick Stewart also gives a fantastic performance. In the previous X-men movies he was such a warm and positive figure but in Logan he gives a tragic and heartbreaking performance. New comer Dafne Keen stars as Laura and considering its her first real performance she's fantastic, she's both violent and funny and I loved her character. Boyd Holbrook stars as the villain Donald Pearce and I actually thought he was really good. True he's not the best villain ever but he's very charismatic and fairly menacing and I think he's one of the more underrated aspects of this movie. Stephen Merchant also stars as Caliban and while at first I thought it was bizarre casting he's surprisingly perfect in the role. Richard E Grant also stars as a supporting villain and while he does a pretty good job at being menacing and creepy, he's so underused and the weakest of the villains. There's also some a lot of very good acting from the minor characters like Eriq La Salle and Elizabeth Rodriquez. The direction from James Mangold is absolutely fantastic. He's able to make Logan both a somber and bleak movie but also sprinkle in some good dry humour and some really top notch action sequences. The writing is also excellent and there are lots of really clever and inventive set pieces in the film that I was honestly holding my breath at. The film also has a lot of tragedy to it especially from Patrick Stewart who has some moments that will likely bring you to tears. The ending of the film is absolutely fantastic and while it isn't the best end action sequence in a movie it doesn't matter as it's an emotional rollercoaster. I honestly think this has one of the saddest and most emotional blockbuster endings I have seen in years. The film isn't all doom and gloom however as the action is truly spectacular. The wolverine centred action sequences in the previous X-men movies while great felt quite restrained by the PG-13 ratings, especially the sequence in X-men Apocalypse, however that is not the case with Logan. The action here is unbelievably gruesome and brutal which I absolutely loved. While watching Wolverine and Laura/X-23 slice up villains is incredibly amazing to watch there are also some really unique twists on the action. There's a car chase that feels much more grounded and realistic in comparison to other car chases. There's also a truly fantastic hotel room sequence that is very inventive, gory and has an extremely emotional climax. However Logan isn't a film reliant on action or special effects it's a truly emotional character story that feels so different and unique for a superhero movie. Technically Logan is absolutely fantastic. The film looks amazing with fantastic cinematography and visuals by John Mathieson. The musical score by Marco Beltrami is very good. True it's not quite as excellent as Beltrami's previous score for the Wolverine or Henry Jackman's score for X-men First Class, it's still a great score. One thing I was really pleased about with Logan is it's editing. While the film is a hefty 2 hours 17 minutes it isnt ever boring. The film has a slower pace than your average superhero movie I really think it's fits the film well. Unlike other superhero movies like Batman v Superman, Suicide Squad, X-men Apocalypse, The Amazing Spider-Man 2, Avengers Age of Ultron, Fant4stic and many others Logan doesn't feel like it's been hacked to bits in the editing room or that the studio forced James Mangold to remove about half of the movie. It really is fantastic to see a superhero movie that doesn't feel the need to set up a billion other movies but actually take its time to tell a contained story. Logan is an absolutely fantastic movie however it's does have a couple of problems. There is an exposition dump at the start of the movie involving a video recording on a phone that feels a bit contrived and like countless found footage movies you do ask why the person wouldn't just turn off the camera. Also as mentioned before Richard E. Grant's villain is weak and his exit from the film is very unsatisfying. He has one scene towards the end where he starts to get interesting but it's cut short to soon. However that's really it as Logan is a comic book movie for the ages. An absolutely fantastic film that tells an emotionally draining yet powerful story. It actually has some important themes and messages. The action is amazing, the acting is mesmerising and the direction is truly excellent. It's a film that I can't wait to watch again and I honestly think will go on to become a classic of the superhero genre. This is probably my second favourite X-men movie, just slightly behind X-men First Class which is really saying something as there are quite a few truly exceptional X-men movie. Logan is the perfect end to Hugh Jackman and Patrick Stewart's X-men run and I'm so glad they both went out on such a high. Go see Logan wether you are a fan of X-men or not it's truly amazing. A
 Mark W 	  Strong,dark, intense and well done.
 Jacob L 	  Jacob LloydBest wolverine movie yet !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!?But sadly the last
 jose v 	  awesome final for hugh jackman.
 Jesus M 	  Muy bien 20th century fox, muy bieeeeeeeeeeeen!!!Demostrando una vez ms que se pueden hacer pelculas de comics sin caer en la aburricin y malas actuaciones.El grado de violencia y cero abuso de efectos especiales redondean esta gran oferta
 Viorel P 	  Go see it, enjoy a dramatic masterpiece written in violence and nostalgia. The acting is so fresh, you love the heroes and truly hate the villains. The film does exactly what it set out to do. It is incredible. Not perfect (one or two continuity errors) but close to it.
 Mike%20 R 	  Highly recommended! Recently watched both this movie and that Get Out. Now this movie is a definite must-see and certified fresh contender unlike Get Out which was IMO just racist, insulting, boring propaganda.
 Reece R 	  Hugh Jackman's fantastic last Wolverine movie. The perfect ending. Exactly what R rated movies should be.
 Leslie F 	  An incredible addition to the X-Men series. This was a wonderful, gritty movie. You don't have to be a fan to enjoy this.
 Tommy A 	  One of the best films i've ever had the pleasure of seeing. I'm so glad the amazing Deadpool film was Rated R or else this definitely would be PG.13 and maybe not even about Old Man Logan. Hugh Jackman, Patrick Stewart and the rest of the original 2000 Xmen cast will be missed and I'm so glad that we could maybe see some X23 solo films starring Dafne Keen
 Sarwar A 	  easy the best x-man movie yet
 Marculescu E 	  Fuking amazing good bye wolverin
 Mark N 	  This movie was just plain boring. Enough said. Not worth an 8.00 admission.
 Jason F 	  Logan was a gritty emotional journey for me. growing up with hugh jackman in this role and watching this movie really hit hard. it was hard to see the degradation of characters ive always known. i hope others will get a chance to see this movie and feel what i did.
 judd d 	  Awesome movie! Felt more realistic and with a family emotions to it. Even though it's rated R for language. A must see Hugh Jackman last role of the wolverine
 Ming Siu G 	  James Mangold does a mashup of superheroes and westerns with this visceral yet contemplative film (and if you haven't seen his 3:10 to Yuma, go watch it). Hugh Jackman gives one of the finest performances of his career in this movie that can hopefully change the superhero film for good (they've been so... boring lately). Adult themes like mortality and guilt and the yearning for family can and should have a place in these movies, and Logan shows how to do it.
 Bonnie C 	  Not much of Wolverine fan, having hard time understanding why this movie is so highly rated. A nice finale to Logan/Wolverine series.
 Jonathon M 	  Absolutely loved it! I can understand why this isn't the X-Men type movie they wanted to see like the first three, but I appreciated the change in ton with this movie. Plus, I finally get to see Wolverine do things to people I've only ever dreamt of.
 Tim B 	  I always regret watching any of the movies in this series. Mindless garbage. Glad Jackman is done with this series.He dies at the end. Finally!
 Daniel D 	  Over-indulgent. It was ok.
 A5J4D X 	  6/10 It was sad to see an end to such a legendary character but was disappointing in the sense there was no real back story. It felt as though it wasn't thought through. Best part was the ending fight.
 Jacob W 	  This is one of the greatest comic-book films of all time. Everything was on-point! The acting, story, dialogue, action, and everything else was just so incredibly captivating. Originally, I wasn't sure if the violence was going to support or hinder the success of this film, but my skepticism was ill-placed. The violence is that little ingredient that every x-men/wolverine film has been missing all these years. The action feels very real because of it. The only negative I see in this film doesn't have much to do with the film itself, but the universe. As Deadpool said, "these timelines are so confusing..." I had difficulty recognizing where it took place and in what timeline, but I quickly got over it due to how great this film was in every way. In the best way, it was a very sad film that I still haven't "gotten over", which only makes me want to see it again as soon as possible. All of the performances we're on-point, especially Jackman and Stewart's, but the one that stuck out to me was Dafne Keen's portrayal of X-23. That was the best child performance I have ever seen in ANY film. In one scene, she could be vicious. Seriously, she had daggers for eyes, but she could be an adorable, light-hearted little girl in the next. These outstanding acting dynamics made her performance my favorite in the film. Also, according to Hugh Jackman, apparently she did most of her own stunts... AMAZING.Overall, Logan was an incredible film and a great conclusion to Hugh Jackman's iconic portrayal of the Wolverine. After this, I don't think Jackman's portrayal of Wolverine will ever be topped. Amazing character and film.
 Nicolas K 	  Packs an emotional and physical punch
 Patrick L 	  The most real, and most human of all super-hero movies yet, where the powers are an accessory to to story, and not the other way around.It is fantastic.
 Maurice G 	  It was a lot less action than I'm use to in a Marvel movie it was more drama than comedy, I mean usually it's action/comedy this was action/ drama and moved a little slow but when the action hit it hit but mostly with the girl since this was Logan winding down not healing fully, lipping like an old dog with a bum leg. It was sad, it was like putting an injured dog in a fight, you root for the underdog but you know I was going to end, it was just sad to watch Logan like that.
 James C 	  What a great time in the theater! Very entertaining, true to form if you follow the comics version of the Marvel Universe. We finally get to see who Logan really is. Laughed, cried, so sad this is Hugh Jackman's last X-Men film. Must see!
 Robbie H 	  Solid action flick. By far the best wolverine film
 Kelly R 	  I really loved the R rating and what that meant for the Wolverine movie. You finally see him in all his glory. It did take 15 minutes for my teenage daughters to stop crying after the movie was over.
 Briana T 	  Deathpools ass in the phonebooth though
 Lyndon M 	  best one so far going to be buying it on Blu ray
 Val J 	  This movie was horrific. Should be restricted to 18 yrs old. Senseless violence (heads rolling) throughout the whole movie. How tis ever got 92% ishamefull. Is this really what we wan t to see, if so our world is in trouble. Val Jackson
 Ali A 	  its the best movie ive ever seen
 Nizardi Q 	  Excelent. But also sad...
 Lane Z 	  Hugh Jackman launched his American acting career as Logan back in the year 2000 when the very first X-Men hit. Nearly 17 years later, he has now called it a wrap on a character it feels nobody else has the right to touch. In the coup de gras, "Logan", Jackman puts forth the best performance of his career on the silver screen as the adamantium-filled mutant, Wolverine, in the best offering the franchise has given us to date.Let's take a step back and thank Deadpool first. Getting the rated 'R' tag for a hero such as Wolverine was a godsend for the send off. Certain characters in the comic world deserve this, and Logan/Wolverine might be the most deserving next to Deadpool. There was no negative to allowing director James Mangold or Jackman to go full throttle with the character in their final pitch, and quite frankly, I don't see how this movie gets made without it.All this does is make the movie more violent, suspenseful, real, heartfelt, and intimidating. It starts out with a fight at a gas stop near the border of Mexico where Logan has turned into some sort of limo driver strapped for cash in the year 2029, a handful of years into the future where mutants are nearly extinct. No true explanation comes to us as to why this is the case considering I thought the bloodline was saved in Days of Future Past. The only real knock to Logan has to be its inability to give some background information to this or a few other events we learn of like the Westchester Event with Charles. While I am always against exposition told rather than shown, I suppose it at least doesn't detract from the main point of THIS story rather than making the entire movie about the mutant race rather than Logan, which is really why we have come to theater. The only other nitpick has to be a noticeable slowdown in the storytelling about 90 minutes in before the final act. The healing of Logan has slowed to a crawl with his health failing, but that shouldn't mean the movie needs to suffer.Otherwise, Logan offers up the best of the X-Men Universe to us. Not only does Jackman deliver us a storied performance as Wolverine his last time out, but Patrick Stewart puts in equal good work as Professor Charles Xavier. At over 90 years old and suffering from seizures and illness that result in catastrophic results for everyone around him, Xavier is more of a threat than ever before. The relationship between Charles and Logan has always been father/son, so it's no surprise this movie continues the trend as we meet X-23, Logan's supposed daughter and proof that mutants aren't quite as extinct as we thought.Dafne Keen deserves some praise as Laura (X-23). She is ferocious, quick, and violent as she slowly learns to develop outside of the environment she was raised in. Stephen Merchant gave us a brief glimpse at Calaban, the famed albino tracker, and Boyd Holbrook, from Narcos, was as vile as they come for lead henchman Pierce. Though Dr. Rice was noted as the main villain, Holbrook stole the show from his with infinitely more screen time. Richard E. Grant certainly breathed evil as the scientist working on the mutant children, but it was mostly everyone else doing the work for him rather than him being a true threat.Overall, we got to see exactly what Wolverine (and X-Men) fans have been wanting from the beginning: blood spilled from the hands of the groups most famous hero. The fight scenes are well choreographed. The sound effects are pinpoint. The claws have become the thing we look forward to the most, and Jackman's portrayal of Logan's rage has become a focal point of his ability. Limbs (and heads) go flying and blood is definitely spilled by the bucket full. It's glorious action expanded on by the new inclusion of X-23 and a few other surprises along the way. Logan represents yet another installment in the Marvel franchise that succeeds because the studio has finally unlocked the chains that held previous titles back. They let the Wolverine free, and everyone is better off for it.
 Chuck M 	  A hard look at the end of a super heros life, brings tears to the eyes and joy to the heart.
 Jon O 	  It was a great ending to a truly great story.
 Cheryl K 	  Wow. Hugh Jackman was brilliant - and a special mention to the make up dept. Patrick Stewart was amazing. Despite having just seen him, healthy and vigorous, on Graham Norton, his performance had me convinced that he was a frail old man. Such great work.
 Jess B 	  @WolverineMovie Best & bloodiest #Wolverine movie. Excellent cast/story plays out like a western w/ modern themes. 7/5/10 @RealHughJackman
 Antonio A 	  One of the best x-men franchise films to date. X-men origins did Logan wrong, The Wolverine seemed off, but finally they've gotten him perfect in Logan
 Manon M 	  4.5 * It takes special skills for a director to make a viewer feel something throughout the images. But never did a movie make me feel so numb as "Logan" did. We've seen dark superhero flicks, that are not all shiny as most of their siblings, but never have we've seen something so incredibly raw, agonizing and oppressive. "Logan" is not just one of the best superhero movies ever, it's also a damn fine cinematic representation of the human condition.The action never serves as a way to show off the budget of the movie, it's constantly functioning in a way to move to story forward, connecting exceptionally great to every scene, always perfectly induced. The Wolverine franchise finally got an R-Rating here, which is great, 'cause the whole "slashery" thing strengthens the concept. Sure, the movie is bloody, dark, and profane. But at the same time, it sheds light that makes us laugh, shock, or even weep when this is the last time that Hugh Jackman and Sir Patrick Stewart had to play their iconic characters on the big screen. It is, after all, an emotional roller coaster ride.And for once, the purpose is not to save the world, which is extremely refreshing. With "Logan" we're thrown into a story that has a fantastic diverse range of characters, plot points, and moments. With "Logan" you certainly won't look at superhero flicks the same way as you did before. This movie might be an absolute game changer. It opens new roads for superhero movies to come, offering the viewer new perspectives on how to "judge" superheroes.
 Winston C 	  Sad to see this franchise end. But what a ending Logan provided!
 Fabian N 	  Movie great, length = FATAL
 Artur%20 G 	  Best X Men movie ever.
 Todd N 	  The journey comes to an extremely satisfying end with Jackman giving potentially his greatest performance of his career and easily his best Wolverine yet. The film's action is top notch and it is great to see Wolverine let it all loose, but where the film really sets in is with its emotional depth. It's not just how we get to the ending we do, but why
 Camilo d 	  Dado que soy propenso al argumento semipoltico de los x-men y siempre me han parecido ms interesante que todos los dems comics, la anterior pelcula de Wolverine me pareci un desperdicio gigante de recursos y posibilidades, una muy mala pelcula en palabras sencillas. Esta, por el contrario, rescata la esencia del personaje y sin grandes pretensiones presenta un digno final para el mismo. Un acierto.
 leonardo g 	  Full of action!! Was funny! And kept me in my seat! I recommend!
 Tim H 	  Great film, every thing was well thought of. It couldn't be any better, unless if he didn't die.
 Abb J 	  Logan: Hugh Jackman and Patrick Stewart make their X-Men swan song in this broody, futuristic tale about aging and mortality that has Wolverine and Professor Charles Xavier living in exile at a remote outpost near the Mexican border in 2029, at a time when there are almost no mutants left. When a young mutant girl appears, seeking their help, the action (and body count) quickly amps up. The exceptionally violent film is much darker and more character driven than prior X-Men films, a hybrid of the classic 1953 western Shane (which is even shown in one scene) and 2016's Midnight Special. The 2:15 run time could have been improved with some editing in the second half, but it is still a well-done, albeit predictable, tribute that will satisfy fans of the comic book series. B
 John F 	  two gratuitous nude scenes, over-the-top violence this could so easily have been named PG-13 movie that I would have been happy to take my kids to. So sad and depressing not uplifting. Even the same where the hero of the movie steals from a store.
 Yu-Xuan Y 	  ????????????????????????????????? ????????????Logan?????????----------????--------------????????????????????X???(???????)Charles ??????????????????????????flag????????????????Laura????????????????????? ????X????????????????????????????????X???????????????????????????????????????????? ??????????????????????Logan?????? ????X????????????????????????? ????????????????????????(????)Logan?????!!!???????????????????Logan???????????????????????????????????????????????????????? ????????????????(?????????? ?)????????????????Laura(X-23) ????????????????? ??????????????? ???? ???????????????????X-24???????????????????????????????????? ??????????????????????? ??????????????????????????? ?????????X????????Laura???????????????????Logan????????????????????????????????????????"Daddy"?? ??????!
 Cody F 	  Logan is just an ok movie to me. It felt overly long and dry at points. The story behind the story about the downfall of the XMen was really interesting as was some of the stuff with X-23. But I had issues with a bunch of stuff including character progression and a slow middle act. The highs were high in this film but a variety of issues kept it from being a great film
 Matthew H 	  An overrated and predictable final installment to Logan's cinematic journey.
 Subramani V 	  This is very good movie forever I love this character
 Harry W 	  (This review contains spoilers) Logan is a fantastic return to form for the X-Men series and a perfect climax for such a landmark saga of superhero action that has managed to thrill and intrigue audiences for 17 years now. It's remarkably humbling almost to see the saga succumb to almost mindless swearing and a steep decline to an angsty, mid-life crisis type of warbling that leaves a mark on the mind long after the film has ended. There's definitely messages in the film, some that hit and unfortunately some that miss their mark, however the point of the film is completely acknowledged throughout - everyone's favourite claw-bearing mutant is dying and won't be around forever. The film resonates with the Harry Potter series, reminding us all of when Dumbledore died and an audience of film fanatics were forced to grow up. Unfortunately, Professor Xavier's demise is short-mourned, possibly because we have already endured this during Brett Ratner's 2006 portion of the story in The Last Stand, when Xavier had the tearful goodbye that he deserved. It's sad to see Xavier buried in an unmarked grave in the forest as he is such a monumental part of the story, however this film is definitely not an X-Men film, it is a Wolverine film and regardless, is a perfect conclusion to his grittier stream of stories. Hugh Jackman really deserves an oscar nod for his performance in this film and even the unknown Dafne Keen as Laura/X-23 undeniably deserves recognition for her amazing portrayal as the mute mutant daughter of Logan. The characters are not superheroes in this, they are victims and their powers are put last, their characters first and this is so refreshing to see. James Mangold's direction is fantastic, bold and solid all throughout the film. It's also refreshing to see a villain who without powers of any kind, manages to be more terrifying and gigantic in his villainy than "immortal, god-like" Apocalypse could ever dream of being. This really highlights the importance of good writing. A well done to everyone involved is highly deserved in bringing this saga to a close.
 Simoun O 	  An emotional, visceral, well crafted masterpiece that will go down in history as one of the most powerful superhero films ever made. Simply put, Logan is not even a masterpiece, it is the perfect swan song to Hugh Jackman's iconic performance as Wolverine.
 Corrie T 	  this movie is the best Wolverine movie of which there is no doubt ... but it does not in anyway deserve the acclaim it is getting ... this was 20 years in the making ... 9 movies in ... and 7 reboots of the charater in that time ... it has so many flaws in it';s delivery ... i do thank god for Patrick Stewart and him being able to swear ... it's story was poor ... x24 CGI was worse than Arnies in Terminator Genysis and Salvation ... and the ending is very lame ... as for needing a tissue ... i only needed on when begging the cashier for my money back after seeing this
 Zalen G 	  Easily best comic movie of all time, sorry deadpool I love you but this movie was so amazing and emotional, there's just no way to explain it, you have to watch it or you want get it, personally I think its the best movie I've ever seen and it deserves it, 5/5
 Jamie C 	  This is not just the best X-men movie it's up there with the best Superhero movies of all time, We go through so many emotions that it's hard not to get sucked in to the story almost instantly as we see a broken down, Old, Dying, Logan who is now a limo driver, Things soon break down and the story unfolds with what is some of the best action in most or any comic film to date with some gory kills that are amazingly filmed, It's brilliantly acted and the story is great, It's very hard to pick faults with this film, You could argue it takes a while to get going but we soon get over that, Some of the decisions the director did will upset hardcore fans as there's a few shocks that I'm going to be honest nearly made me cry, Just like Deadpool it doesn't add 3D for the sake of it like Disney do just to make extra money, Disney should learn a thing or two from Fox and think about what fans want instead making there films for kids and how much money they can make.
 Matthew R 	  Raw. Powerful. Just what was hoped and what was almost perfectly delivered.
 Nic L 	  The best wolverine movie in any form. These movies should have swearing and be ultra violent as the comics intended. It's much more natural. Great movie.
 EhSan M 	  As close to perfect as films get.
 Damian M 	  No lycra-clad superheros here. Dark, edgy, bloody. This is more Rambo than X-men and it's unexpectedly epic!
 Mike S 	  Bleak and violent, one would almost expect to see a DC logo on the front. Set in a 'possible' timeline, the film separates itself quite a bit from the films that have come before it, both in continuity and in tone. The film is violent, very violent, however, for me I think they should have kept the violence to a minimum for most of the film and then let rip in the final 20 minutes. By that time, the violence has been overused and it's impact is lost. Jackman is, as always, great as Wolverine, however in this one, he has more to do, more depth to play with, and it works well for him. The supporting cast is very good, especially young Dafne Keen.
 Matt B 	  This film reminded me why I love X-Men so much. Though this was much more graphic it brought back the true nature of the man vs. mutant storyline< I've been longing to see after the disappointing apocalypse. Hugh Jackman gave his all in this film to give audiences the best wolverine ever. He was not going to end his 17 year role on a sour note and it showed. This is definitely a film to remember not only for fans of X-Men but for movies in general. The flow of this movie was expertly crafted and grabs you from beginning to end. Just like Deadpool this film proves that rated r is the best way to go for the X-Men franchise. Nothing sugar coded true in nature because the premises of the X-Men series is hardcore and graphic in nature.
 Dylan C 	  Best solo Wolverine movie. Debatably the best X-Men movie. Great performance by Hugh Jackman, and a proper send off for him as the last time he plays Wolverine. A well written movie that holds it own with stellar, bloody, thrilling action scenes.
 I-Onell S 	  Finalmente una de Wolverine que vale la pena. Es muy violenta y sangrienta pero es la mejor actuada y con la mejor historia sin tanta magia X-Men.
 Connor M 	  Woe is the state of cinema if this trite piece of superlative superhero jargon is considered anything other than blas box-office fodder.
 Brian R 	  Logan is the best standalone Wolverine movie, but not the best X-Men movie. The action was thrilling and visceral, but when the movie slowed down, it was down right boring at times (more fluff than filler). It could've benefited from being 15-20 minutes shorter. Sad to see Jackman go :(
 Edmarc H 	  No more road movies after this one
 Stephen Z 	  Wow, seriously overrated!
 Jason T 	  Best Marvel movie...EVAR!
 Eliott G 	  I really enjoyed the Action, Story, And Emotion.
 Amilcar A 	  This is not your average superhero movie and you can tell it's not a Marvel Studios super production. It's super dark, violent and really much more representative of what the Wolverine is all about. This is not a kids movie and it should serve as a platform for alternative superhero flicks.
 Chris F 	  Better than the Dark Knight. Going to see it again.
 Daniel G 	  EL OCASO DE UN HROE, EL ULTIMO MUTANTE QUE COMO UN COWBOY EN EL LEJANO OESTE HACE SU ULTIMA VOLUNTAD PARA DERROTAR A LOS VILLANOS.HUGH JACKMAN LUEGO DE 17 AOS SE DESPIDE POR LA PUERTA GRANDE DEL PERSONAJE QUE LO HIZO FAMOSO Y QUE TODOS QUEREMOS DEJANDO UNA HUELLA IMBORRABLE EN LA HISTORIA DEL CINE Y LA CIENCIA-FICCIN, ESTA ES SIN DUDA UNA DE SUS MEJORES ACTUACIONES JUNTO A UNA EXCELENTE PELCULA CARGADA DE DRAMA, ACCIN Y VIOLENCIA CRUDA COMO SOLO EL PERSONAJE DE WOLVERINE SE MERECA. PATRICK STEWART TAMBIN SE DESTACA CON SU EXPERIENCIA ACTORAL EN SU YA CONOCIDO PERSONAJE DEL PROFESOR X Y EL DEBUT DE DAFNE KEEN COMO X-23 ES MARAVILLOSO. REALMENTE EL DIRECTOR JAMES MANGOLD SE LUCIO CON ESTA PRODUCCIN PORQUE ES ALGO QUE NO SE OLVIDARA FCILMENTE AL SALIR DE LAS SALAS DE CINE.SOLO QUEDA DECIR GRACIAS HUGH JACKMAN PORQUE TU WOLVERINE SERA DIFCIL DE OLVIDAR!! Y NO SERA FCIL ENCONTRAR TU REEMPLAZO.
 John Ross D 	  A very serious approach with regards of the characters of the X-Men universe. A very poignant story about a man who suffers life's cruel demur for him to have a good one. One after another, Logan seems to be prone in trouble. When anything couldn't get any worse, he come across a little girl that brings even way more trouble behind her back that Logan ever could handle.What makes this X-Men / Wolverine movie stand out than the other, is its never before maximal gain of gore; grim, melancholy, post-apocalyptic vibe, and an immersive heavy dramatic take in the world of Logan himself. We see a different Wolverine in this movie. He's much more vunrable and deteriorated, but the Wolverine who can indeed cause havoc, cut an arm, and can definetely offer a bloody fight. The Wolverine that is truly what he's meant to be.Delightful action sequences was definetely astonishing especially from the sequences involving the little girl, Laura. If she does her thing, she steals the whole show! I tell you, she does it better than old-man Logan!Everything in this film screams tragedy but tragedy on its finest. Tragedy with a solid ground and effectiveness that can pursuad anyone to connect, understand and appreciate its genuineness despite of its saddening nature. Confidently proclaiming that this is one of Fox's most authentic, excellent X-Men movie that will surely be remembered for a long time because of its effective narration about one of the most beloved mutant's life tragic story that'll surely touch anyone's heart and pulls out a tear and at the same time, highly entertained.
 Ken T 	  Oh the gratuitous violence...It had some sad moments too. It will jerk a tear or two from you. Otherwise they started something with the rated "R" movies that will only get bigger.
 Price P 	  Extremely well acted and a wonderful story, help this film end an era, earn a spot in the superhero movie pantheon, do well enough to deserve award nominations, and makes the most of its R Rating, but not in the Deadpool way. This film proves that hard R films can be fun, dark, and albeit deservingly emotional.
 Dale P 	  The best X-Men movie to date, despite lacking most of those X-Men, and easily among my top 5 comic book movies outright.
 Katie W 	  Surprisingly emotional movie, an absolute must see!
 Parable P 	  Absolutely terrible movie if you follow/love the X Men comics.
 Fellipe M 	  This is one of the best superhero movies ever made. Period. It's got everything viewers want in a Wolverine movie: Lots of slashing, blood, guts, and savagery.  But it is not just that. This movie has something that few people has come to expect from superhero films, 'Logan' has heart.  At its core we have a road trip movie and a drama with lots of social commentary . However, what really stood out here were Jackman's performance, the direction and the script (although it does seem to get a bit discombobulated in its third and final act). Nonetheless, 'Logan' is a great movie and one that will share the podium with 'The Dark Knight' as the best superhero movie of all time. 4.5/5 stars
 Philip S 	  Hugh Jackman gives an amazing performance, not just how he performs the action scenes but also his emotional and physical state throughout the whole movie!!Daffne keen gives a breakout performance as Laura aka x-23. Her ability to cry on demand but also not over do it, is crazy for such a young actress. Patrick Stuart gives another great performance. No decline in his career I also the like the actor that played the leader of the revers.... forgot what his name was. He added some very nice humor to such a violent movie. Best super hero movie ever hands down.... ps I cried a little
 Michael N 	  Amazing movie. Deep, dark, and gritty. Fantastic finale for Jackman.
 Chad G 	  Gruesome, but also compelling. Cinematically very different from anything I've seen in a while-maybe ever.
 Michael L 	  Very good flick. Good story and great action.
 Ted W 	  ( This review contains spoilers)Great fantastic ending to the wolverine old X-Men movie franchise movie starring Hugh Jackman, Patrick Stewart and the girl that no-one knows about and speaks barely any English. First off, so far every superhero movie this year,2017 is based around family. When fast and the furious moves off family, the superhero movies have to have family, it's sorta funny. But that's the first thing I want to talk about is the humor and their is a lot of it for some odd reason and it's good. Logan, wolverine is awesome and is most likely going to get nominated for a golden globe just like Ryan Reynolds in deadpool. Logan in this movie shows a new side of wolverine that no one has ever seen before by saying bad words and is dark like daredevil in the Netflix tv show. It's sad that Logan and professor x or Charles Xavier dies it's a sad moment. How many years or even movies, a lot of history and lead up to this movie to see everything come to an end. And I'll leave this review on a high note but wonder to see what fox or marvel do with the wolverine old X-Men universe.
 Bheema D 	  Grittiness for comic book movies used to mean Batman Begins and The Dark Knight. Logan brings comic book grittiness all the way up to True Grit and No Country for Old Men in an absolutely excellent feature to end Hugh Jackman's run as the character on. With some minor mistakes, it makes up for it with its no punches pulled melodrama.
 Rodney D 	  loved it...hate to see Hugh Jackman go
 Tom C 	  This movie lacks imagination, depth, and proper motivation. It is predictable and just downright silly. In today's world overly unnecessarily gory equates to great action when in fact, it doesn't. It is stale and lacks the story that a great movie needs to survive.
 Tom C 	  This movie lacks imagination, depth, and proper motivation. It is predictable and just downright silly. In today's world overly unnecessarily gory equates to great action when in fact, it doesn't. It is stale and lacks the story that a great movie needs to survive.
 Sean I 	  Best X-men made movie yet. Nice transition to the next X-men transition. c
 Wyatt T 	  A little slow at times but a fantastic send off to the character.
 Jason I 	  Best superhero movie of all time!
 Diana C 	  I love Hugh Jackman and I love wolverine, the production, dialogues and action scenes are amazing but I would like to get a more profound relationship with the daughter. I'm gone miss Hugh Jackman so much.
 Abe L 	  Great ending to a great character.
 Julian R 	  Probablemente, la mejor pelcula de Marvel hasta ahora.
 Tyler A 	  Amazing movie. One of the best, if not the best.
 Christopher B 	  A film that transcends it's genre.
 tim m 	  Great Action! Good Storyline! Good Acting By All!
 Barrett D 	  One of the movies I've seen!! The story line was AMAZING! The fight scenes were better than expected, and overall a GREAT MOVIE!
 Mariano P 	  Tarantino tuvo algo que ver en esta pelcula no me jodan (?
 Patrick W 	  I don't give out 5 star ratings very often but when I do, it is for a reason. As far as comic book movies are concerned, I would put this film right up there with The Dark Knight as the two best comic book movies of all time. While the Marvel movies are excellent in their own right, they are amazing for flashy comic book movies. The Dark Knight (and now Logan) are not only great comic book movies but they are also just great films. Logan comes off as a violent family western road trip action chase film. That may seem like a lot, but that's what it is. The action is great, the acting from Jackman & Stewart is superb. Dafne Keen steals nearly every scene that she is in. The script is also packed full with emotion and effective plot beats.Just as I would say with The Dark Knight, you don't have to be a comic book fan to enjoy Logan. I would recommend it to everyone.
 Tanzeem D 	  It's raw, graphic (at times) and heart-warming despite the first half being an action-movie game of cat and mouse. The acting makes up for the underwhelming story. End of an era, Sir P and Hugh, bravo.
 Ryan V 	  Set in a bleak future where the superheroes of the X-Men have failed in just about every measurable capacity, an alcoholic and suicidal Logan (Hugh Jackman) is taking care of a senile Professor X (Patrick Stewart) whose dementia is making his powerful psychic abilities a danger to himself and all around him. Logan wants to buy a boat so he and Professor X can spend their last days living on the ocean far away from everyone, but the plight of a mysterious young girl (Dafne Keen) drags the former Wolverine back into the fray one more time. This movie's R rating means that Wolverine's claw fights are more grisly than in any prior cinematic outing, but it's the quieter moments that people will be taking home and internalizing. James Mangold's direction, which adeptly balances kinetic action with thoughtful character moments, gives Hugh Jackman and Patrick Stewart enough room for them to turn in rounded, affecting, and emotive performances. As a whole, Logan is much more intimate, provocative, and humanistic than the superhero movie genre tends to be.
 Ulysses R 	  Wow..This was such an amazing film. Great emotion, action, tension, pace, plot. Hugh Jackman gave a great outing as Wolverine, Patrick Stewart was exceptional, but Dafne Keene was surprising and gave a breakthrough performance. Its been a great ride and gives me emotion saying goodbye to Wolverine. Hugh Jackman will be remembered for his iconic role in the X-Men franchise. Albeit, the franchise holds many possibilities to come.
 Daniela C 	  slow... boring.. the typical drama of hollywood-disney whatever...it reminded me star wars- dead of han solo, to save the movie
 Brad A 	  That's how a franchise should(almost) end. Such a dramatically different style than all the others before it. For a character known for rage and using claws to injure and destroy it was finally nice to see how it should have been all along. Thank you Hugh for being there 18 years of our lives on one of the greatest super hero's of all time!!Pros- Action, gore, intensity, dramatic, intimate, and the opening extra sceneCons- Not knowing some characters backgrounds including the main villains, semi anti climactic with the main villain
 Kaden C 	  This film will finally give the fans the Wolverine film they deserved. This movie will bring the tears out of you, as they show the realism of living in a world with mutants and the people trying to eradicate them
 Lisandro Z 	  Holy shit that was INCREDIBLE.
 Timothy M 	  Absolutely best stand alone wolverine movie of the entire franchise. Very rough and very violent which will turn off a few who may think this is a typical xmen movie. Nope, think deadpool with a young girl with both hand and foot claws, decapitated heads and non stop cursing but through it all the movie displays a raw depth not seen in many movies much less a marvel movie. A worthy ending to the wolverine franchise.
 NintendoJackson . 	  Super good I'm not going to spoil it for anyone who has not seen it but the ending is super good it's a little sad but they could be doing what D.C. Did with super man like when they killed super man but he will be alive in the next or at least I hope because I love wolverine
 Juliana B 	  One of the best super hero movie films in a while!! Great job Hugh and Patrick and thank you for 17 amazing years of portraying Wolverine and Professor X! Bravo!
 Jason C 	  This movie was a big disappointment. Sure, the FX were great. Finally, a Wolverine movie that shows the true carnage my favorite X-MEN character is capable of unleashing. HOWEVER... This improvement over previous Wolverine movies pales in comparison to the overwhelming lack of plot! The movie raised more questions than it answered, and left me staring dumbfounded at the screen when the credits began to roll, waiting for a resolution that was not coming.
 Daniel B 	  Must see film of 2017 so far. Logan is no typical x men or super hero movie. But rather a total character piece of a immortal man dealing with his existence in a ageing world. The characters are all tired of their lives and Hugh Jackman and Patrick Stuart reprise their roles like never before. This is a new wolverine and professor X. Without trying to spoil just go watch this film it's so good from script to cinematography to everything. It's just so grounded in tone and realism that it hits every mark for me. Cheers
 Barry M 	  "Dramatic, Action Packed,Visceral Movie"
 Travis M 	  It was okay... jesus, people making such a big fuss over it. Okay, it's a step in the right direction, but I think people are just over excited that we finally got ONE decent Wolverine movie.
 Indu R 	  A really good movie for Hugh Jackman's last movie as Wolverine. The action scenes were very gory. The plot was alright. Wish it was a little more accurate.
 Kyle B 	  This will be the movie we will talk about for the next 20 years and the defining moment for Hugh Jackman as the most perfect fit for a super hero of all time.
 Timothy C 	  Logan was awesome. Far more severed heads than I expected. But it made sitting through the two previous forgettable wolverine movies worth it.
 Keri S 	  best movie ever...........
 Sean H 	  Amazing! Brilliant performance by Hugh Jackman. Heartfelt and going out like a boss.
 Teddy F 	  An epic finale for Hugh Jackman's career as wolverine, Logan is possibly the best X-Men movie so far. The film lives up to its R rating with brutal violence that for most movies would feel like too much but in this circumstance, it fits right in. Hugh Jackman has his best performance as Wolverine yet as you watch his character struggle from one moment to the next throughout the film. With Patrick Stewart by his side, the movie is even more heartfelt and just overall great as his performance of a dying Professor X adds on to the movies emotion; Jackman and Stewart are incredible and make this movie top of the line when it comes to action films. I greatly enjoyed the fact that unlike its X-Men predecessors there were no giant spectacles and ridiculous powers, really strengthening the plot. Logan has its faults as it can be a little slow at times and has one of the weakest, least compelling villains I've ever seen in a superhero movie but other than that the movie does what it needs to and quite exceptionally. The soundtrack goes along right with the tone and the supporting characters aren't great but they are better than I expected they would be. I strongly suggest seeing this movie, but I recommend seeing the other Wolverine movies before or this movie might not live up to my review in your eyes.
 Rodrigo M 	  Simply spectacular, and deeply emotional, even for those unrelated to the superhero genre.
 Chris R 	  A more violent and sader version from the other X-men movies.
 Wyatt J 	  The first great Wolverine movie.
 Leroy D 	  Definition of a slow burn. Gave us the fight scenes we wanted but then wanted us to feel bad about it. Why? That's why I paid my money for. Didn't pick up for me until X-23 came on screen. 3rd act paid off in the end, and watching Wolverine and X-23 go nuts on bad guys is reason enough to see the movie. Loved the very last scene though.
 Rock D C 	  Best Huhg Jackman perfomence so far , I love the man , he is strong on the camera . Most see .
 Mad M 	  Really great. Dark, gritty, and violent. Not your typical marvel story line. Mature. Great ending to Hugh Jackman's Wolverine career.
 Duke V 	  Pretty good, but doesn't really connect for me to the last one Apocalypse, so what happened after he destroyed most of the world ?? A lot to guess, just throws you in the comic of Wolverine like the Japan one, no real time frame or what happened , best one in my opinion is Wolverine Origins best evet made.
 Isael J 	  I have never cried because of a movie and i never thought that a comic book movie would be the first one to make me cry. Logan is the perfect movie for the finale of the best actor to play this role. Hugh Jackman owns this role and nobody will ever beat the way he was Wolverine. Logan brought me to tears with its emotional moments and had me excited and happy because it was such a violent film and if this movie was pg-13 i guarantee i would not have loved it as much as i did. I can watch Logan 20 times in the movies and i wouldn't be bored. Logan is perfect.
 Steve R 	  amazing epic movie of all X-Men
 Michael B 	  A brutally violent, and sometimes vulgar action film, Logan isn't for everyone (well, little kids), but X-Men, Wolverine, and Hugh Jackman fans will find the film hard to resist.
 Josh T 	  ts a perfect film, the story has nods to the other films but ignores the convoluted timeline nonsense. The action is over the top, the character work is the star, and the berserker moments are outstanding. I would like see it again immediately, just such a fantastic film!
 David W 	  2 hours of mostly extreme gratuitous violence with the odd moment of emotion and depth.
 Kyleigh T 	  This might be the best Marvel movie I've ever watched. Who am I kidding? It IS the best Marvel movie I've ever watched! The violence was perfect for the movie, some may think it's over the top, but I think that it's totally realistic blood wise when you have razor-sharp claws going into your face. Amazing acting from EVERYONE INCLUDING THELITTLE GIRL. Amazing Marvel movie, better keep it up! 2nd rated R that was outstanding, lets keep our streak Marvel!
 Dean E 	  There isn't too much detail I could give without major spoilers, but this is a fitting end to the saga of the X-Men that started some 17 years ago. The franchise will go on, of course, after the "First Class" reboot, but we will likely never see another hero like Hugh Jackman's Wolverine. Logan may not be the hero we need, but he's the hero we deserve.
 keith d 	  Fantastic stuff!! Will go see it again.
 Keith S 	  What a total waste of time and effort.
 Alejandro E 	  A great finale for trilogy of the beloved character of X-MEN, with some taste of western opus The Unforgiven. Violence is schivering but justified, but the best part is an unseen paternal facet of Wolverine.
 Waleed A 	  wolverine can finally be wolverine. so happy with the R rating. we can finally see what he's really capable of. this did not feel like a super hero or comic book movie. it felt like a regular good movie with superheroes in it. it was pretty slow for a lot of it but overall i think this is a very well made movie. the action was all awesome. (1 viewing)
 Kathryn C 	  Touching, poignant, and incredibly violent.
 Alberto M 	  Best movie out of all the Wolverines. That little girl is no joke!!
 Dion E 	  Brilliant end to a series.
 Mischief M 	  Quite long but other than that one of the best if not the best coming book movie
 Cory T 	  Like Dead Pool, Logan has set a new bench mark in what a good comic book movie should be. Too bad the previous two Wolverine movies were made before this movie. I'm sure fans would love to see them re-done better with this more mature and more realistic tone. LOVE THIS MOVIE. Too bad it's Hugh Jackman's final outing just when the character started getting good.
 David V 	  AWESOME!!! A great send off to the Wolverine that all X-men fans should like!
 Craig M 	  Third time IS the charm.
 C G 	  The acting was good but a very depressing story, where most everyone dies. Very violent too.
 Johnny P 	  Brutal. Emotional. Amazing. The movie I was expecting.
 Dean H 	  Seems that Logan wants to kill everyone no matter the need. Not a fun movie. The facts of the missing mutants has minimal explanation.
 Aashish B 	  A masterpiece to simply to put it. The Best CB movie ever made .???????????????? and Hugh jackman is a legendc
 Hachi R 	  Love this movie! Saw it the week it came out and fell in love.
 Aaron F 	  Brutal and gritty...A must see
 Michael C 	  Fantastic story. Much better than Deadpool. Planning to see it again in theaters this week.
 Daniel H 	  Very different to other comic book movies. Had a realistic view. Not what I expected. Excellent.
 Mohammad A 	  Sick movie definetaly the best movies of the year however i wish he didn't die but i understand why
 Gustavo M 	  Best wolverine movie yet.
 Josh C 	  For Hugh Jackman last time as The Wolverine in Logan, Hugh is going out with bang as Old Man Logan. The R rating makes the movie in more better showing the Logan really kills bad guys with his 6 claws.Patrick Stewart is even more enjoyable as Professor X. Little girl Laura (X-23) is even remarkable with same powers as Logan.It's must see movie.
 Andre F 	  yep...it was real good.
 Jarrad L 	  This is an intense A$$ Movie!
 Pulkit A 	  fitting tribute to wolverine
 Jake A 	  The ninth and apparently final film to star Hugh Jackman in the lead role has a deeply ingrained sadness to it and not just from a plot standpoint but it genuinely feels like the end of an era since I have been with the two lead characters over the course of several films for nearly two decades. Adding to that the first X-Men film was the first superhero film I genuinely loved and got me into the genre so not only were there high expectations for this but I was also somewhat ambivalent about whether I should see this due to knowing this would end the series in some ways but I am glad I did take the time to watch this. Firstly Hugh Jackman and Patrick Stewart are incredible, easily the best they have been in this long running series and they take what they are given (which is a solid plot and script) into deeply emotional and fierce roles which are aged but not lessened. The supporting cast is also really good with Dafne Keen as Laura being the best of the bunch and managing to hold her own against veteran actors. The action is incredible with its grounded but utterly violent fight scenes which are done in a more serious and fierce approach compared to the likes of Deadpool and the way the violence is dealt with is far better with this film than that and I know they are tonally different but it works far better for me. It also looks great with some beautiful cinematography and well edited action, the score isn't bombastic being even somewhat mournful and even though the ending is sad it is also hopeful and opens the door to great potential for the series to be carried forward by a new generation.
 Patrick L 	  Logan is the brutal final chapter of Hugh Jackman's portrayal of the titular character also known as Wolverine. The film takes place in the year 2029, when augmented humans, known as Mutants, are on the verge of extinction. Logan, a mutant who is nigh indestructible, must live in secret in his old age to keep himself and his friends alive. Logan's life is further complicated when he meets a young girl who is said to be one of the few mutants born in the last 25 years. Together, they must find their way to safety when a bounty hunter attempts to capture both of them, beginning a long chase across the country.While I appreciated this movie from a technical standpoint, I was a little underwhelmed when it came to the story. The performances given by Hugh Jackman, Patrick Stewart, and Dafne Keen were all excellent. I really felt for these characters and believed the emotions they were attempting to portray on screen. Patrick Stewart did a particularly excellent job in his portrayal of an elderly man with Alzheimer's. The beginning of the movie really feels as though it's building to something big, but after the second action scene, the movie felt to me as if it almost ground to a halt. There is a good 30 to 40 minutes of this movie that's basically only road-trip. While this does lead to good character development, light comedy, and decent exposition, I felt my interest really begin to wane around the middle of this film.On the whole, there is plenty of action, but there are large gaps where very little happens. This movie earns its R rating so leave the kids at home or find something else to do with them. In my opinion, it's not a bad movie, but it just lacks focus. I was anticipating the climax as this great sendoff to Hugh Jackman's character, and while it is touching, there wasn't enough closure for me. I give it a 6/10.
 Horace J 	  Absolute Classic. Best Hugh Jackman film he's ever made. Best Wolverine movie ever.I won't go full on #TheDarkKnight classic, but this was damn good.
 A.D. O 	  logan is the xmen/wolverine/etcetcetc with substance. gruesome but substantive! very good.
 Dave J 	  Great acting, plot and writing. So much more than the usual CGI super hero movie
 Roman F 	  Hugh and Patrick go out on the highest note possible. Terrific work by James Mangold and his team.
 Jason F 	  Outstanding, grounded and gritty installment in the X-Men franchise. Hugh Jackman finishes up his tenure as Wolverine on the highest of notes. Patrick Stewart provides an incredibly performance as an ailing Professor X and you can expect to see Dafne Keen in many more films to come.
 Lizzie M 	  This movie was definitely a lot more violent than I expected but I am a big fan of it! I definitely loved the story and found myself constantly on edge! I recommend it to all Marvel fans out there
 Kyle T 	  Best hero movie I've seen
 Jeffrey O 	  Fantastic movie. Good and moving story, strong performances, action is gorier than standard for a superhero movie but not ridiculous in my opinion. Much better than the first two movies focusing on Wolverine.
 Warren W 	  Really good superhero movie. Please don't shoot your mouth in the comments section with a comic nerd pissing contest. It was excellent. That's all need be said.
 Tricia M 	  Best X-Men movie to date!
 Jeff B 	  Loved LOGAN! I wanted a cop out ending and have the earth move at the end to signal that all is not as it seems.
 Lenard W 	  Fox grants its filmmakers creative freedom in service to story. Director James Mangold makes a tribute to the American western with that Canadian X-Man known as Logan aka Wolverine. His last mission to transport a new mutant north over the border to Paradise. Charles Xavier also goes along to help. Both Hugh Jackman and Patrick Stewart enjoy themselves and expand their chemistry and characters in an R-rated version of a X-Men film. Although in 2029, they are the last remaining members of the team. There is a little too much allusion to the classic Western "Shane," but overall it is a great adventure film.
 Dawid ? 	  This movie is... amazing!
 Ismael H 	  One of the best x-men films to date. A mix of character and actions sends Jackman's Wolverine on a high note.
 Noah L 	  Action packed great movie!
 Joanne M 	  Way too bloody and way too many people killed! Wish they would have cut down on violence and focus more on the story.
 Gabriel G 	  Best X-men film by far, and, in my opinion, might be the best marvel movie by Fox or disney, period(I had it tied between The Avengers and Winter Soldier before Logan was released). Though it does have a different tone than most other marvel movies, the story is beautifully paced, connects you deeply to the characters, and each fight scene has you on the edge of your seat. Think, No County for Old Men meets Terminator 2 meets the Wolverine. definitely seeing it again in theaters.
 Samuel N 	  Greatest movie ever i bawled my eyes out and screamed with happiness over gory blood violence I need this on blue ray Maby 4K?
 Drew H 	  One of the best superhero movies I've seen. Warning - it's brutally violent and it is not your typical X-men/superhero movie, but it is gripping and exciting and I highly recommend.
 Alex M 	  Very good, though not amazing. Everyone saying this is an oscar contender is delusional. There are numerous plot holes that are never explained or tied up in the end. The acting all around is brilliant, it's Hugh Jackman's best turn as Logan, mostly because this is the most tormented he's ever been as the character. The new girl who plays Laura is terrific, on the same level as Natalie Portman in Leon. The villains are unmemorable and throwaway. Boyd Holbrook tries very hard to make his villain interesting and charming, but his character is written very poorly. But that's okay because the movie's heart is between the trifecta: Logan, Xavier and Laura. I enjoyed The Wolverine alot but this just blows it away completely. This movie just sticks with you long after you're out of the theater, a sign of a very good movie.
 Neil P 	  superhero cartoons in the 90s were what got me into comics and Wolverine was the first character that had a massive appeal to me (spidey and batman quickly followed and became my hero "trinity"). While I feel Batman and Spider-man have had at least one great film each Wolverine never has - his solo films have sucked. So it was with great relief that Jackman's last Wolverine film is the character's best. Not just in film but probably in all media versions from the late 90s. There are some silly elements throughout the film, especially the finale,but I can forgive them because they get Wolverine right. As an added bonus we also get one of Patrick Stewart's finest performances as the tragic Xavier who has seen his dream die. That's right the film's setting is grim and overall is more like a western version of "the road" than any superhero film we've seen so far.The R rating allows us to see Wolverine cut loose but it's vicious and seems painful - especially the damage Logan sustains throughout. Jackman does a great job of portraying a person past their prime with nothing to show for it. I was hesitant about Mangold getting another chance at a wolverine film but it's clear studio interference was more at play than his lack of skill and he's a director who I now have more faith in. With Deadpool and Logan (and the disaster that was X-men:apocalypse) hopefully Fox will embrace a more creative approach to the franchise and think about how best to utilise the characters they have. I think it's a film that even haters of the genre will say was "decent" assuming they can be convinced to try it.
 Vlad M 	  Far more depressing than it should be
 James T 	  This is the Wolverine movie I have been waiting for for years. it definitely earns its R rating, but i did not expect the deep dramatic moments of this fantastic film, and the moment the film ended, i wanted to watch it all over again.
 Edgar F 	  This is the best one yet.
 Juan T 	  The best Xmen movie ever made. It's about time they let the Wolverine run wild and made it rated R. Lots of blood, not for kids.
 Chris S 	  So glad they gave this an R rating! The story couldn't be told in any lower rating for sure. This was definitely the most emotional superhero movie I have ever seen. It's almost completely sad but with a few tiny moments of humor. And man, is it bloody! Hugh Jackman is at his best, which makes it that much sadder that he has chosen this to be his last movie playing Wolverine.
 Kerri L 	  This is what wolverine should have been like from the beginning.
 Justin B 	  The Wolverine takes his final bow in the ultra-violent, emotional, and thought-provoking Logan. Starting out with Logan as a cab driver just dragging along in life, the depressing tone is set from the get-go. And from there it only gets worse. Logan, Charles, and Laura, team up on a road trip of a lifetime that leads to sorrow, happiness, and discovery. This is one of the best X-men films, and the simple plot is appreciated. What really stands out is the gory action, with heads flying off and blood splattering everywhere. The finale delivers an extremely emotional and violent sendoff as we say goodbye in this violent, and sad way that is a little bitter sweet.
 Cody Y 	  Finally an xmen movie that takes the filter off. Extremely graphic and real.
 Aggeloz M 	  the best marvel movie
 Inna D 	  For me, too much unnecessary violence/gore. Story line too weak, too many gaps. Too many questions unanswered. Definitely would not recommend.
 Enrique L 	  1. It flows 2. You connect and care for the characters3. It caused a positive emotional reaction. I cried. 4. There is a satisfying climax5. You want more of x-23
 Khurram B 	  The most perfectly crafted comic book movie ever made. James Mangold's 'Logan' sits alongside Chris Nolan's 'The Dark Knight' atop the pantheon of super hero films as the GOAT. It's heartwarming to see that someone finally allowed Hugh Jackman to do justice to the most badass character in the comic book universe, Wolverine.
 Raji K 	  Hugh Jackman returns one final time as Wolverine in Logan. Logan is pretty old now. He still has his powers, but his speed, strength and recovery powers have diminished quite a bit with age. In a fight in the opening scene he is not even able to fully release his 3 claws at even length. He spends his time now driving clients around in a limo car. He also tends to the aging professor X reprised by Patrick Stewart. There is a bump in his daily routines when a young Hispanic woman asks here to take her and a girl north to a sanctuary in North Dakota. She and everyone else around her soon winds up dead, and Logan is left with the girl. After large band of henchman tries to dispose of them all, Wolverine has no choice but to take them north. Their mutant friend keeps tracking them and the henchmen follow and kill everyone along the way to catch Wolverine and the girl. Wolverine feels obligated as he finds out the girl is a mutant created from his DNA and has similar powers. Logan is an excellent conclusion to the X-Men series for Patrick Stewart and Hugh Jackman. The two arguably were the best casted X-Men and they finally get a really good film that they can both shine in. Hugh Jackman gives his best all-around performance as Wolverine and is able to display his range as an actor. Stewart does a great job as the aged professor that is more of a danger others than helpful and he provides much of the comic relief in the film. The film runs a little long and some points the chase gets slightly repetitive. The Wolverine clone was really the worst addition to the film as this has been done far too often in films and its getting tiring. The Rated R action gives the film a great edge as many of the deaths are quite violent at the death of Wolverines hands. Because the mutant daughter has the same powers there is not a huge variety in the kills. The film's really strength is the emotional element the characters are able to display as they bond together and eventually see their last days. Overall Logan is the Wolverine film that everyone hoped to see and is far better than any of the previous installments. -3.12.2017
 Rajesh M 	  The best Marvel movie on the X-Men franchise side
 Dana L 	  I know that previous X-Men movies have been lacking, but trust me when I say don't wait to see this movie! Not only did it have a halarious trailer for Dead Pool, but the writing, action and actors did a great job. Way to end it all!
 Hello J 	  I thought it was just ok. It didn't live up to the hype for me. I am a fan of gratuitous violence and don't mind vulgar language; love Tarintino for example. However, this movie doesn't have a strong story to back up all the killing. I found my self having a hard time empathizing with the characters. The funny moments fell a little flat, and most of the characters lacked charm. If I were to spend 2 and 1/2 hours watching a film about one long chase again I would prefer mad max.
 Daniel P 	  With excellent performances from Hugh Jackman and Patrick Steward, Logan is a harrowing, action-packed film that has the boldness to follow through on its convictions and make some powerful statements.
 T R 	  First of all, this is not an X-Men movie. This is a Wolverine movie. Wolverine is a man with an extremely depressing and violent life in which he can't trust anyone, is always being hunted, people want to use him, the people around him get hurt, and he has to endure physical agony and then come back from it. If you saw a movie like First Class and liked the philosophy, you won't get that here. This is a movie that seems to be trying to set a world record for how many people's heads it can show being sliced apart. There are also only around three adult mutant characters in this dystopian future.This movie's violence makes 300 look PG-13. It's not just violent; it seems to engage in gore porn: it seems to revel in how many times it can make us look at people getting impaled through the leg, people with gaping bleeding holes, people's faces as they are undergoing torturous injuries.The villains are some combination of the U.S. federal government, a paramilitary mutant-hating group, and a biomedical research company that doubles as a weapons contractor, who for some reason seem to work together in the U.S. and Mexico in a single nearly seamless hierarchy. If you spend the movie wondering whether the soldier-like people Wolverine keeps fighting work for the government, it's not really any clearer by the end. Hugh Jackman looks ugly in this movie. Wolverine spends the entire movie wincing from injuries. His healing powers only sort of work now, for some barely explained reason.I don't think the movie even gives names to all the villains, so I'll name them myself: Robo-hand, Dr. Frankenjerk, and Pulverine. Dr. Frankenjerk is the boss, but he basically admits in one scene that he's a knockoff version of previous Wolverine adversaries. There is a little ambiguity with this guy about how much of the violence he caused he actually intended, but he's basically just purely evil like all the villains are shown to be in this.There are a few moments when the audience can crack a smile, when there is a moment of humor when we are eager to get some glimmer of relief from how depressing the rest of it is. For example, when Charles X sticks out his tongue and makes a sound to taunt Logan and show that he swallowed his pills. Like Logan, Charles X spends the movie miserable and sick.Why do people think this is good? I suppose they like the relationship between Wolverine and the little girl character, whose story mirrors his. Or they like the scene where Charles X says he finally understands Wolverine, even though Wolverine never even gets to hear it. Or they think that it's fitting for a movie about a character like Wolverine is hyper violent. But if you ignore all the "swan song" rhetoric and go in there without expectations, the experience of it is not enjoyable unless you enjoy people getting ripped apart over and over. If you go, go prepared for the type of movie this is, and don't think it will be another X-Men movie.
 Armando G 	  Best movie ever now that's how a wolverine move should be
 George R 	  Average, but I did like the addition of the angry young girls, who was equally as troubled as Logan. C+
 George R 	  Same old bloody blade work, but nice addition of angry young girl, who is as troubled as The Wolverine was.
 Elton L 	  t was more than a superhero movie to me; it was a message of what it truly feels like to be a man at a senior age. It's the holding on to the memories, myths and legends of who you were in your youthful days; you still have the greatness within you, but it's rusty and washed up. Your body becomes worn and torn, but you still got that good kick that will never leave you. You become sad, lonely and depressed because no one cares nor respects a miserable, creepy old man; yet ignores his good heart. You know that you are at your final days due to cancer or any life-threatening disease, but your damaged soul is keeping you alive. This movie was a hidden message to the elders. Our elders are dying. Our elders are being overlooked. Our elders are no longer respected. Some elders look back at themselves and see the pain and hurt in years of doing good deeds to humanity. There is no more appreciation for what our elders have done for us in an honorable fashion. They are the reasons why we live. They are the reasons why we have the wisdom and the strength to confront life's challenges. They are responsible for our spiritual growth and upliftment. These are our Fathers, Mothers, Grandfathers, Grandmothers, Aunts, Uncles, Godfathers, Godmothers, Pastors, Imams, Gurus, Sages, and Masters. We learn from them. We study from them. We seek guidance from them. Every old person is a Master of life in their own right. Yet some of us only appreciate their mastery when they are long gone. Yes, some elders are miserable. Some of them are sick and crazy in the head. Some of them talk in ways that you don't understand. Some of them are just angry and pissed off for no reason. Some of them make you feel like a complete idiot after talking to them. Some of them are filthy, smelling and toothless. Some of them are stubborn as hell. And you know what? It's because they have earned their stripes of living real life for so many years. It's because they have gone through their rankings by facing their challenges and obstacles which is why they are still here. They learned from their past mistakes. They gave us hope when we used to watch them express their talents and heroism in their youth. We saw them as our heroes; and they still are. So, with that being said, Logan was film that geniously address the experience of ageism. And along with that, there is still a generation out there looking for heroes and legends.
 Renee B 	  Not the end to the Wolverine Legacy that I wanted to see but still places in my all time favorite X-Men movies. When you think of the many ways Hugh Jackman could of ended his reign as Wolverine, in all reality this was probably the best way for him to go out. A part of me wanted to see Logan grow old, with a wife and family in a picturesque landscape somewhere, but we all know that would never happened. Logan leaves you with still so many questions like, what happened to all the mutants? and how was Xavier involved? But hopefully that just leaves to other X-Men film opportunities. Maybe even with a cameo from Hugh Jackman.
  	  It was good but there were some flaws for sure - like why was the kid grown in the lab have a weight problem and only the one girl spoke Spanish and the group was raised together ? Hmmmmmmm
  	  It was good but there were some flaws for sure - like why was the kid grown in the lab have a weight problem and only the one girl spoke Spanish and the group was raised together ? Hmmmmmmm
 Fred T 	  A super heros movie that feel so different!
 Eric M 	  One of the best "superhero" movies ever made. Intense, violent, funny, emotional with amazing performances and multiple wicked sequences.
 Dina F 	  MOST. EPIC. FILM. EVER. I loved this. I cried ...
 Matt N 	  Best superhero movie I've ever seen. Leaves you overwhelmed as you walk out of the theater. Something I'd pay to see over and over again.
 George K 	  I went to see Logan on opening night because I have been a fan of marvel since the first Spiderman and X-men movies were released. Growing up, I collected the various marvel comic books that are now the popular block buster movies this generation has come to love. When I read the early reviews of Logan, I naturally assumed that the movie would chronicle the original storyline of Logan, a.k.a. Wolverine, and open the door for the New Mutants that were trained by the originally X-men. One of the coolest thing about Wolverine character was that he was immortal because his body would regenerate and quickly heal, fight off any infection, etc. This leads me to my first complaint of the new movie. Logan's claim to fame is that he was originally "selected" by Striker as the subject to receive an indestructible metal infused skeleton because his body would naturally heal and adapt to the skeleton rather than dying during the process of infusion. In this movie, Logan is getting older and dying because of the metal infused skeleton he had lived and thrived with for 60 plus years or more. To add to this confusion, the little girl in the movie, (Logan's daughter) is cloned using Logan's DNA. The cloning process is completed by the government. (Why would the government of Mexico choose to clone a weapon that is getting sick and dying?) Also, there are so many things about the movie that make the audience guess or wonder how the main characters got to that point in their lives. Basically, the main character development skips A,B,C,D,E,F, and goes straight to G. Xavier is an old, crazed cripple who lives in an abandoned water tower and is fed medication to keep him groggy and asleep. Logan is an aged chauffeur that works for drugs. The year is supposedly 2027 and Logan's car looks futuristic, yet the rest of the vehicles in the scenes driving on the streets etc. look very "non-futuristic" and are simply vehicles seen on the roads today. In the end, everyone dies sad and alone except the kids who end up being, well, sad and alone. No redemption, no happiness. A message of "No-hope." Cussing filled tirades throughout the movie with the "F" word used so many times I lost count as Wolverine stays in a liquor induced stupor. Did I mention that Charles and Logan both end up buried in shallow graves somewhere in the woods alone, left to be coyote dung?
 Tom D 	  Predictable at every turn. It generally depicted the slow, undignified death of both the two most recognizable X-Men and the franchise itself. The thinly veiled Hollywood propoganda messages put the final nail in the coffin. At least it's finally over and we can enjoy the Marvel series. Heck, I'll even take the sad Ben and Gal Gadot Justice League movies!
 Simon D 	  gritty, real and a proper wolverine film showing you the nature of the beast as it were
 dominick e 	  As a wolverine fan sense I saw him in x-2 And as sad as his final send off was it brings a moment of calming peace after intense slashing and Chopping
 Anshuman K 	  It is unlike any other superhero film: the characters are completely broken and have lost all hope, there is no ticking time bomb to save the world and they essentially fight to save the life of one girl and essentially for hope.Though some of the story feels derivative and the X-Men timeline is messed up again, Logan is a worthy ending to the saga of Wolverine's story. Hugh Jackman perfectly portrays a man who has lost all hopes and Patrick Stewart plays the role of a senile old man just as competently. The action is quite well filmed and serves justice to the character.
 Brad S 	  I absolutely loved "Logan" which is in my opinion, easily the best comic book film ever. Every element of the film works, from the story, to cinematography, to the score. And of course the acting is amazing, Jackman gives a career best performance and the newcomer who plays the girl in the film is outstanding. Stephen Merchant and Patrick Stewart are also really good. The allowed the filmmakers to make an R-rated film and I think it served the story and character really well, much like it did for "Deadpool". This film will absolutely stand the test of time and is a must watch, even for people with only a cursory knowledge or interest in the character! One of the year's finest for sure.
 Chris C 	  TOUT DE FORCE WITH JACKMAN PLAYING HIS DEFINING ROLE FOR THE LAST TIME.The movie was a bit lengthy,however it flew by and I will miss Jackman playing this awesome chaeacter that I actually was introduced to as a 6 year old.The X men were always a different type of comic book characters played by experienced veterans of the stage and although I am sure they will continue to make Xmen movies,this was fitting end for Jackman.,who usually stole all of the movies he was in.Highly recommended,but not for those who merely want non stop carnage and action.
 Michael Z 	  Logan was surprisingly entertaining with a decent story line.
 Jay B 	  There are very few elements that don't work. *SPOILERS* This was a 4 ??? film for me... until the clone rolled in. THAT moronic device did nothing to compliment the poinent story thread it ends and only served as a juvenile reminder that you're watching a comic book movie... and one only ALMOST as smart as you were already giving it credit for. Other than that though, pretty great... even if Logan seems to let the baddest guy live EVERY chance he gets, but has no problem offing anybody else in his arsenal. :/ But, truly, every scene with Stuart is a delight. Definitely a good time.
 Mei-Leng H 	  Felt like an epilogue and not the deserved, final chapter of one of the greatest X-Men characters. No life flashing before his eyes. No bringing together of everything that made Logan Wolverine. No exposition. No faulting the acting. Hugh Jackman deserves another Academy Award. No movie clip at the end of the credits in Australia.(This can't be the last movie. Entire context leading up to this movie's story is missing. Fingers crossed.)
 ricky m 	  Best x men movie. All x men movies should be rated R.
 Lois Q 	  Loved it. So raw and powerful. definitely inspired a little from deadpool in terms of violence.
 Matthew J 	  There is an epidemic of passable movies lately. Almost as prevalent is the issue of movies not able to stand on their own. I'm referring to those that are part of a larger series, universe and source material. Star Wars and Star Trek are good examples, and more than ever comic book movies. They work pretty well as a part of a series, but being graded on their own as a single film they usually fall apart. If you grow sick of the universe, sick of the comic book movie trend, the illusion breaks. You see past the AT-AT that has no sensible purpose in the scene but to give you nostalgia. You see past the hype at what the movie really is: passable. Logan breaks this trend with what is truly a "Marvel comic book movie for people who [have grown to] hate Marvel comic book movies." The movie is approximately 40% horrific, brutal violence but it is used so purposefully and paced so damn near perfect along with the softer, heartfelt moments and character building that I am okay with it. Logan is more a western than a superhero movie, really. The unique genre and tone help the movie to stand alone as something truly special. It grabs the attention of the fans with the action and characters, and it earns the attention of the critics with humanity and a simple but poignant story. This is one of the things that defines classic cinema. Showing an actor genuinely express their character's humanity and making the audience not only buy it but feel it. Logan is a rare bit of movie magic and I am very glad I decided to go see it. Do NOT take your kids. I mean it.
 Ignacio F 	  The best Wolverine movie ever!
 Nicholas G 	  Gritty, Bloody, and fun, Logan is the perfect way to end Hugh Jackman's 17 year run as Wolverine.The film lives up to its R rating and it makes for the film we've deserved all along. The action sequences are thrilling and gory, the acting performances are top notch, and the score is amazing. Definitely got some Last of Us vibes listening to the score.I would highly recommend seeing this film at least once. It is emotional, entertaining and definitely one of the best movies that I have seen recently.My rating: A
 Ryan C 	  Fox finally gave Wolverine the movie, the script and the story that it deserves. For Huge Jackman's final outing as Wolverine he gave the performance of his life along with the entire of the cast.
 ?? ? 	  logan is best X-MEN movie and also best wolverine movie. Patrick and Hugh, also dafne is....fantastic
 Nagelys C 	  loved it. hated it. loved it again??? great film
 Patrick S 	  brilliant movie. really surprised how good it was
 Shite M 	  ya know it's hard for me to explains how good this movie is without spoiling anything. sooooooo just watch it. please. the acting is beautiful
 Nicole A 	  i really enjoyed this movie. hugh Jackman was amazing. .Finally a movie for adult!!!!
 Patrick J 	  The story was quite simple, but not a lot to dislike here. My one complaint was the use of footage from Shane, and Laura reciting it at the end - it seemed to cheapen the experience IMHO.
 Rachelle T 	  laura is such a badass
 Greg G 	  don't like crying a lot man
 David B 	  Good highs and lows. Excellent fight scenes!
 w t 	  Actors did a good job, but considering that the story of this work shares the same universe with others, it seems so abrupt that destroys both main characters and the whole series. Bugs and nonsense of this work are significant.
 Mitchell B 	  While not a patch on the Marvel Studios movies, Logan is the best X-Men film since First Class (not including Deadpool) and a good example that the R rating doesn't have to mean your film is a dour, humourless affair, but can be more reflective of a movie about an indestructible man with and anger issues and Ginsu fists. Huge-Jacked-Man has never been my favourite mutie however this flash forward provides a lot of opportunity for a more layered performance the previous X-Movies.
 Robert A 	  The only people who don't like this movie are the edgey hipster marvel fans who want to be different and or the sensitive adult. Great movie you finally see the beast within wolverine
 Juan N 	  The best Wolverine movie I have seenExcelente from the beginning to the end
 Warsaab C 	  AS A MARVEL FAN FOR A LONG-LONG TIME - THIS "LAST" EPISODE WAS VERY PAINFUL TO WATCH - XAVIER'S GLORY ALL GONE; THE INTELLIGENCE AND LEADERSHIP HE HAD SHOWN ON ALL HIS MARVEL AND STAR TREK MOVIES TECHNICALLY ARE ALL GONE DOWN THE TOILET. LOGAN (HUGH) FALLS TO THE LOWEST OF PERFORMANCES- I SAW "CHAPPIE" AND THOUGHT THAT WAS LOW - THIS ONE WAS WORST - A GREAT ACTOR DYING IN THE WOODS AT THE HANDS OF CRAZY SON OF R. STRIKER; DIED IN THE WOODS ALONG A PACK OF KIDS THAT ARE BEING SOLD TO US AS THE NEW DIVERSE GROUP OF MOVIES THAT HOLLYWOOD WOULD WANT US TO NOW WATCH? VERY DISAPPOINTED :(
 Troy R 	  it feels like someone took a belt sander to my heart??
 Rokas K 	  Poignant and raw in its humanity, humility, and hope.
 Steve C 	  I liked the story, but the details are a failure. The self-driving trucks were cool, but just about every other vehicle lacked even 10 years of futurism. Cell phones and TVs seem to have not advanced. And the old tree, PLEASE!... that must have been some strong decayed wood to puncture as it did AND it took three chops to cut through the branch. The big plus in this film are the CGI characters who are quite seamless.
 Joey A 	  lame ..... pretty much could of made a "little girl , been kept safe from the mob" movie. ..... very disappointed. don't know how it got rave reviews ?!
 Andrew D 	  Awesome, dark and sad.
 Zeeshan A 	  I usually find it tough giving a movie 5 stars, but OMG! Best movie of 2017 thus far. They didn't hold any punches, amazing story and script, and that girl was such an awesome actress. You know when you feel the pain, sadness, and anger against the villains... the movie works! Well done. #Logan #OldManLogan #CanadaIsEden #WhatAFinale
 Kwame O 	  lord I love this movie I wasn't hoping for it to make wanna cry and be so moved Johnny cash was a good ending song
 Cal B 	  Good, but it needed more work. lots of laughs but the warm hearted seems weren't warm enough. A bit more time with the script and it would have made a big difference.
 Andre G 	  Perfect end to the wolverine!
 Scott M 	  Great and marvellous send off to Hugh Jackman
 Willy M 	  Why God, why weren't the other Wolverine movies this awesome?! What a way to go, gripping from beginning to end.
 Wilson P 	  Thank you Hugh Jackman for portraying Wolverine for the last 17 years. It saddens my heart to see it come to an end, but he delivered big time in this last one with so much anger, aggression, and attitude. I liked that Patrick Stewart came back as Professor Xavier to accompany his character in their final mission together. What makes this one standout is the "R" rating as they decided to amp up the violence and the profanity (something you would not expect from Professor X). If this film was released during the Oscars season, Hugh Jackman could have possibly gotten a nomination for his performance. However, that's a huge stretch since the Academy hardly nominates roles from a Marvel Superhero flick. Nevertheless, go check it out. You will not be disappointed at all.
 Mike G 	  love Hugh Jackman but thought this was a little slow...had the potential I think to be better but overall it wasn't bad.
 Lucas F 	  I WASN'T READY FOR HOW IT WENT DOWN
 Mo R 	  This movie was GOOD! There is nothing much else to say about it. The chemistry between Logan (Hugh J), Professor X (Patrick S) & Laura (Daphne) was on point! Wonderfully written & directed. I had a bad day and escaped to the movies to see it again. Coming from a gal that read the comics. Hugh Jackman is a perfect Wolverine. They are going to have to let this series rest for a long time before picking it up again.
 Rohan I 	  Holy fuck that was good
 Wade D 	  WOW what a great way to go out. Another Marvel classic!!
 Anna C 	  Hated it. The whole plot was terrible, confusing, and vague. There was no resolution at all.
 Cherice M 	  A poorly thought through script where children slaughter, and the villain reflects influences of the Terminator series. Dissapointing....
 Tim N 	  Among the best Marvel movies, best super hero movies ever. Don't miss it.
 Justin B 	  wow. What a collosal let down. If you're a true fan of Wolverine then be prepared to be disappointed. The storyline was really inaccurate.
 Suresh S 	  The people that said they hated it or hate the rating, don't watch it, doesn't makeIt a bad movie because of it also you know what kind of movie this is, so if you watched it and are complaining about the excess violence then your the problem not the movie, lol! People are dumb! That being said my life is better for having watched this masterpiece of a movie!!
 Lucas Q 	  The only film in the trilogy of Wolverine solo films to go all out in the violence this film seems to revel in it. I found the original ideas of the film interesting, but the more they added to the story which became more jumbled as they progressed toward the climax. The fact the film makers were confided to the universe built by the previous two especially the first film is hard to overcome. Jackman is great as well as Patrick Stewart who is the glue of the film for me. Boyd Holbrook is wasted as Pierce, the "main" villain. The two antagonists introduced late in the game and loss of key characters and the extended length of the film ultimately keep the film from gaining great traction for me. This is the best of Wolverine trilogy but unfortunately that is not saying much....
 Apostolos S 	  wow.Logan will change everything.Superhero movies will not be the same again. More drama less CGI.My predictions;1. Both Jackman and Stewart will both be nominated for an Academy awards....especially if Logan is a commercial success.2. Superhero movies rated R will become a trend, and will cause a split into the DC and Marvel universe, between hero's who make the R rated cut and those that become campy and stay G Rated for kids.Great movie.
 Apostolos S 	  wow.Logan will change everything.Superhero movies will not be the same again. More drama less CGI.My predictions;1. Both Jackman and Stewart will both be nominated for an Academy awards....especially if Logan is a commercial success.2. Superhero movies rated R will become a trend, and will cause a split into the DC and Marvel universe, between hero's who make the R rated cut and those that become campy and stay G Rated for kids.Great movie.
 Jason O 	  Logan, thumbs down, it's a sad grim mutant themed retelling of Children Of Men. Adding brutal dismemberment and swearing did not make a movie better, its meant to distracts you from its shortcomings.
 Kevin H 	  Great Actors. Great Story Line. Great suspense. Great Ending. I was so into the movie every minute of it, thats how good this movie is.
 Tiffany J 	  Poor story line. Leaves to many questions and the ending is just not justifiable. It is also questionable about what storyline it is attached too. It also has to much action scenes for filler. Poor choice for a last movie as Wolverine for Hugh Jackman.
 Raffi R 	  10/10 such an outstanding experience to see Hugh Jackman as Logan for one last time. It's too bad that Hugh left and it's also awesme that the studio finally made a good film for him
 Agostino D 	  This move is no good. I didn't like it.
 Eddie H 	  One of the best X-Men movies since days of future past
 Antonio D 	  If you want learn how to destroy an carachter or even two this film s the best ever made. It is the same if you make a movie of freddy kruger playing and entertaining kindly and soflity a punch of chldrens. A complete conceptual absurd and a boring and somehow a ninja child playing with claws. A movie that suits for the new kind of modern teenager. Depressing, pointless and problematic
 Steven B 	  though the film has some issues, logan is a terrific character study of Logan and the wolverine movie we have all been waiting for full of lots of blood and gore with a very satisfying conclusion!
 Carlos z 	  Top 4 super hero Movie of all time
 ferzan H 	  Very well made movie, with the right mixture of action and story telling. Definitely a movie to remeber
 Landis M 	  Just so you know, this movie had more violence, than I would have expected, involving the head, face, and eyes. In my opinion, the level of violence took away from a good story, and the trailer and ratings provided no indication of the excessiveness of it. I'll think twice before going to another Marvel movie.
 Maroon S 	  It was a great movie the best x men movie that Logan movie I want what if that girl in Logan becomes the next Logan
 Christopher D 	  Action-packed, bloody, long, sad. A hard pass for me.
 Anthony P 	  Went and seen the movie,, Logan. After seeing some of the older movies of Wolverine(Hugh Jackman), you come to know and love the character for who he is. This movie is seeing the human side of Logan, and what his wishes for the future are. I think that this movie was well paced and well timed. I didn't find my self looking at the phone to see what time it was. I loved the story that came with it. and should be noted that it may bring a tear or two to your eyes. Seeing that this is the end of a series of movies, I'm excited for how they have started the new one, a passing of the torch so to speak. With everything in the movie, I can honestly say that I'm happy to have seen this in the theater.
 Matt R 	  One of those rare superhero flicks that transcends its genre. Where 'The Dark Knight' threw the caped crusader into a bonafide crime thriller, 'Logan' is rooted firmly in a modern Western. This sees the franchise reach new dramatic heights and finally with a level of violence fitting for our clawed antihero. A superior superhero film and a satisfying send off for Jackman's Wolverine.
 Corey G 	  "LOGAN" is a damn good movie. The story, the action, the acting....I loved every minute of it. It definitely earned every bit of its R-rating. But even beyond that rating, its a movie that happens to be based on comics instead of being just another "comic book movie". I highly recommend it!
 Bernard L 	  Wow !!That's what I call a grande finale :-)Excellent performance Mr. Jackman.
 David A 	  Ya tocaba una peli de este personaje con un aire distinto :)
 Steven M 	  This movie is truly amazing. An emotional rollercoaster with a suprise ending.
 Lon L 	  Logan is the Wolverine movie I've been waiting for ever since I read mark Millar's brilliant "Old man Logan" comic story arc. Obviously, they couldn't use Hawkeye, Captain America or the inbred Hulk family, but who needs them? The guest character cameos aren't there, no after credits scene set up to hype the next chapter, no push to sell toys or happy meals. Just a great movie with a story told perfectly as a stand alone. Much like Clint Eastwood's "Unforgiven", the aging fighter comes back for one last showdown. There should be Oscar nominations for Jackman, Patrick Stewart, and Best Picture isn't out of the question if the Academy takes their job serious
 Drake W 	  Way over the top on the language and the violence. More gore than watching SAW...and way too many good people died. Yes it was exciting but it was also a very very sad movie watching so many good people die.
 Xavier A 	  Go watch it!! Movie was dark, sad and awesome!
 Brett B 	  LOGAN marks Hugh Jackman's final time (so he says, anyway) portraying the character on film, and if that holds true, there can be no more fitting cap to his time as Wolverine. LOGAN is a heavy and dramatic film, far from a blast or a lark, but it is deeply effective as a character study with distinct western influences.Little needs to be said about the plot, so I'll leave that for others to elaborate upon. Centrally, LOGAN concerns the relationship between the titular character, Professor Charles Xavier (Patrick Stewart), and Laura (Dafne Keen), a young mutant with abilities eerily similar to Logan's. The two men are not in a good place, having been thoroughly beaten down by events off-screen, but they see in Laura - who is being pursued by sinister forces - a chance at a sort of redemption. This narrative gives the movie the feeling of being one part western, one part road trip movie, and one part superhero elegy. There's a mournful and bittersweet quality here, something rarely found in comic book adaptations, and that quality lends the tale a sense of weight which makes Jackman's swan song land with even more impact than it would have had LOGAN been just another colorful confection. The movie is very hard-edged, almost to the point that its ultra-violence and coarse language begin to feel a bit gimmicky. Nevertheless, it ultimately feels appropriate for the story that director James Mangold and his co-writers wanted to tell.As Logan, Hugh Jackman is absolutely fantastic. The weary, wounded quality he brings to life here is perfectly fitting for the character, and his work in this movie is arguably the best he's yet given us. Anywhere, in any film. This is an Oscar-worthy performance. He's matched by Patrick Stewart, who brings new angles and shades to Professor X, showing him now to be a man wracked with guilt but still trying to bring out the best in Wolverine. The third member of the central triumvirate, Dafne Keen, is quite a discovery, delivering a coiled, ferocious, and emotional turn. The acting from these three alone is worth the price of admission.However, with all that said, LOGAN is not the complete masterwork many have been rushing to proclaim it to be. What keeps it from reaching the absolute top tier of the comic book movie canon? A few things, actually. First, the admirable (and wonderful) emphasis on the main characters' interplay and relationships has a side effect - the villains are not drawn particularly well, nor do they leave much of an impression; these are very standard action movie heavies, characters who exist to fulfill plot functions, not to have rounded and interesting stories of their own (though, to his credit, Boyd Holbook does his damnedest to invest his character with personality). And look, the movie is called LOGAN, after all, not LOGAN'S VILLAINS, so I hesitate to really hold the lukewarm antagonists against the film too much, but I can't help thinking that this would be an even better, stronger film if Wolverine had some worthy opponents to deal with alongside the nameless henchmen he murders his way through. The movie's bigger problem for me is (interestingly) one which probably won't bother too many others, and that's the issue of continuity. The X-Men franchise has always been incredibly lax when it comes to making sure that all the details of the various films line up and don't contradict, and that's not really my concern with LOGAN. What does bother me is the way in which this film essentially undoes the "victory" of the previous Wolverine-centric X-Men movie, DAYS OF FUTURE PAST; that film ends with our primary heroes happy, and in a bright and optimistic future. LOGAN - set a couple years after that ending - returns Logan and Professor X to a dreadful, rough existence. While that makes appropriate thematic sense for LOGAN's driving character concerns, it does basically render DAYS OF FUTURE PAST's ending something of a meaningless joke.All of that is mostly overshadowed by the fact that LOGAN is as fitting a sendoff for the character as you could ask for. It's often dour tone may be too much for some, but those interested in a rich and thoughtful conclusion to Wolverine's story will find much here to appreciate.
 rk b 	  one of the worst movies I have ever seen. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. No real story, just violence, swearing,some nudity that had nothing to do with anything, sick. Very disappointed
 Justin M 	  This is the new Dark Knight of superhero films
 JayR S 	  the best wolverine movie ever "mexico" putos LOL
 Frederick M 	  X-men (Stewart & McAvoy timelines) & the previous Wolverine films will always be lackluster films to me, nothing special to them -- hated some of them even. Logan however, is the R-rated Wolverine I've always wanted to see happen. Violent, dark, and carries an emotional weight. Perfect.
 Jeff L 	  very good movie. a fitting ending for Hugh Jackman's Wolverine. if you take your kids, there is about a 3 second flash of female nudity in it... the little girl who played X-23 (Laura) did an excellent job. I hope she gets her own movie someday.
 David J 	  Really good movie. Great editing.
 Jason S 	  very last movie hugh jackman playing wolverine great movie
 Christopher G 	  Patrick Stewart is brilliant in this movie. I know comic book movies don't usually yield award nominations but he's got to get some consideration for some!This movie is similar to Deadpool and that I would not recommend taking kids to this, the violence and language are brutal!
 Ronda H 	  Excellent scrip to end the character.
 Kurt N 	  Horrible. A movie for today's SJW for sure. It definitely had that Mexican making it to the border theme. Weird. And I wasn't the only one wondering just how the "hard working been done wrong by" black family worked into the whole story. The only good part of this movie was the aprs theatre experience of having a good laugh at just how ridiculous this movie was.
 Gavin S 	  'Logan' is set in 2029 at a time when the age of mutants has passed. We are told that no mutants have been born for 20 years and apparently most have been killed or have dies but the government has been playing around with mutant DNA and have used it to impregnate poor Mexican women in order to use the resultant children as super soldiers. A dying Logan and a nonagenarian Charles Xavier set out on a road trip with one of these children, hunted, not by some super villain, but by some US government agency. Brilliant and lyrical the film has some of the most brutal and brilliantly choreographed fight scenes I've seen. It has been hailed as a fitting end to Hugh Jackman's 17 year span in the role of Logan the Wolverine but it is surely also the end of Patrick Stewart's 17 year reign as Charles Xavier, Professor X. Both actors have inhabited these roles perfectly and although the film is Logan's it's a great tribute to both actors and both of the characters they have played so well. I loved the young mutant character, Laura, played by Dafne Keen.At the end of the film, when the audience were waiting, wondering whether there would be the now traditional after credits scene, an attendant came around and helpfully told us that there wouldn't be one.
 David M 	  Best Wolverine movie far and away. A fitting farewell for Hugh Jackman. I am glad to see Fox and Marvel see the value of the R rating to the story
 Sally R 	  Too gross. Too much violence. No redeeming value
 Jaime H 	  best wolverine ever!! too bad it's the last one
 Steve H 	  Now this is more like it! To quote an AC/DC song, if you want blood you got it. This movie is bold, brutal and bloody and it handles it oh so well. One thing I didn't expect with this film was the amount of emotion. Both Hugh Jackman and Patrick Stewart deliver in spades but the scene stealer belongs to Logan's "daughter" - complete bad ass! This is definitely the Wolverine movie the fans have waited for. Hugh Jackman, you will be missed. 5/5 from me!
 Philippe D 	  I found the language unrealistic. Saying the f-word as many times as you can doesn't make it cool. If felt forced.
 Alejandro C 	  Dark, dense and hard. A good end to this Wolverine
 James T 	  Hugh Jackman knocked it out of the park.
 Gene A 	  Brutal Action. Light story and character work...But action rules this movie
 Andy G 	  The best Wolverine movie yet
 Garrett H 	  Great movie! My favorite X-Men installment so far! It is filled with action and can make you cry.
 Gilad S 	  Nice, yet not a WoW movie
 Vinicius H 	  filme mais maravilhoso <3
 Aashka S 	  Could have been edited better, liked the later half of the film.
 Eric G 	  A great story of a couple legendary mutants
 Moises P 	  What a waste of money.. audience wants superhero movies not lousy drama with low action and killing action heroes
 Juan P 	  Too many bloody plot holes in this movie! there are no likable characters, the action is mild but with the brutality needed in a wolverine film. The film lives up to the test due to the fact that is the last wolverine movie where Patrick Stewart and Hugh Jackman will play the characters, otherwise this film would be as forgettable as The Wolverine
 Olli H 	  This was the last time we'll see Hugh Jackman & Patrick Stewart in their roles of Wolverine and Professor X. Thus is fitting that their last roles should be in one of the finest X-Men movie ever made. Logan (Hugh Jackman) is finally getting old, being alive for a 200+ years and his powers are slowly failing him. He takes care of Charles Xavier (Patrick Stewart) who also is in extreme old age and failing to control his psychic powers. Their lives are interrupted by the arrival of a mysterious girl Laura (the incredible Daphne Keen) who happens to have the same powers as Logan and group of bad men chasing her...From the start, we see that this is something different: it's all very gritty, grim and dark and in all of it's R-Rated glory we finally see the Wolverine doing some really badass R-Rated stuff...and also curse in every other line of dialogue. Hugh Jackman is and always will be Wolverine, this was his role and in his final movie as the said hero, he does some seriously great acting and action-acting but it was the young girl, who shines just as bright, that makes his portrayal so damn good. Daphne Keen was perfect as X-23, the mutant girl with the same powers as Wolverine. She kicks ass like there is no tomorrow and when it's time to act, she too was incredible. She's got a bright future ahead. Patrick Stewart was also great, in his very different portrayl of Professor X, from what we have used to see in previous movies. Old(er), forgetful and frail, he also has some great scenes and he forms a funny duo with Hugh Jackman as the odd couple, the last mutants still standing.Otherwise the other charecters are quite thin and the villains are there for just cannon fodder but since it's clearly made for the main trio, you can easily forget and forgive that fact.The action was finally on level it should have been from the start: limbs are lost, heads are sliced and so much blood. It's finally done right and I'm not some gore-blood fanatic but when your main character has three blades coming out of his hands, things should get messy and bloody and a bit gory. The whole thing is done with pure professionalism too, so no worries there. The best Wolverine action experience is finally here and it's on the finale, quite fitting.So in final words, Hugh Jackman and Patrick Stewart it is sad to see you go but what joy it has been to watch you bring these charecters to life in the big screen and to end in such high note as "Logan", proves that you truly are masters of your craft.
 Kevin C 	  Many reasons why this is my fa e Marvel movie. wow. drama. acting. heartbreak.
 Whitney B 	  HOLY GOD!!!! This was an amazing, amazing movie. I cried so hard. What a great end to Huge leaving these movies, and an amazing start for X23. This is my favorite so far.
 Zunaira K 	  It was ok, it was the ending of the Logan stories but all the magic was gone. The little girl was annoying and her high pitched voice was hard to listen to. I was just disappointed.
 Anthony F 	  17 years sure feels like it was just yesterday...I can still remember reading the issue of Premiere magazine (now definct) giving a sneak peek at the very first X-Men movie. I'd dreamed of this since I was a child collecting Marvel cards. How on earth could Hollywood pull of an X-Men feature film? At least I could finally see all the actors/actresses in full costume and get an idea of what the film would actually be like. It was then that I viewed the unknown Hugh Jackman for the first time, sporting those familiar claws. I personally thought Kurt Russell was a better fit at the time, but Mr. Jackman at least looked the part, so I was willing to give him a chance. To say that the guy nailed the role is like saying Connery wasn't too bad playing that Bond dude. He owned it from his very first scene.Well, all good things must come to an end, and 2017's Logan sure makes you feel it. It starts off bleak and only gets worse. It's 2029 and Wolverine is dying. His adamantium skeleton has gradually begun to poison his body, severely affecting his healing capabilities. He now cares for a much older (and unusually vulgar) Professor Xavier, who himself is now suffering from a degenerative brain disorder. All the other X-Men are "gone" and mutants have seemingly ceased to exist. Fun stuff. In fact, it's almost TOO bleak...that is until the young Laura (the show-stopping Dafne Keen) enters the picture and sets the flick on fire. No spoilers, but every action scene she's involved in is absolutely jaw-dropping. Laura is being hunted by the robo-handed Pierce and his goons in an effort to return her to the lab where she was born. This little one refuses to come quietly though. One fatal showdown later, and it's highway time for Logan, Xavier and the mysterious Laura. The story very much has the feel of a classic western. The villains even have a "tracker" in tragic mutant Caliban and the movie "Shane" is referenced more than once. Blood-drenched claw fights, awesome action and a surprising amount of depth give way to easily the best Wolverine solo outing. It's also, sadly, Jackman's last. Yes, he's finally hung up the claws, but he's done so with style and grace. What he's accomplished with this character is not likely to be equaled anytime soon. Warning to fanboys and fangirls: You might need a hanky at the end for this one.
 Tenzin P 	  Brilliant. Enough said.
 Solne V 	  This was soooooooo bad really. It should be recalled Logans roadtrip..... Pure and utter BS
 Eric M 	  Dark and violent for darkness and violence's sake, Logan makes feints at higher ambitions, but it's ultimately just an inverse of the Marvel Cinematic Universe's overly sanitized brand of bland.
 Billy C 	  One of the absolute best of the Marvel movies. THE best of the X-Men franchise.
 John D 	  Such a desperate attempt by the director to keep this series alive! Predictable scenarios...Normal conspiracies. No plot twists to keep the story moving. Just praying this is the final of the series...Bored and had most of the plot predicted in the first 10 minutes of the show.
 Arthur M 	  Great movie although I was not expecting the ending. The movie was made with an Oscar in mind so not the typical action I am used to seeing in a Wolverine movie.
 Randy H 	  Awesome movie but very sad. :-(
 Chantal B 	  So so much fun! The little girl is superb. Mrs Jackman & Stewart are impeccable. Sad to see this series over...
 Ryan S 	  More than just a superhero movie... It's an incredible character study. A drama that treats its fantastic characters as real people, and succeeds on all levels. A perfect send off to Hugh Jackman's Wolverine.
 ahmed a 	  don't watch it. it's terrible. they killed Logan. made him not indefensible like he were and getting old. made Charles talk slang.. beats the whole idea of both
 Evan H 	  The saddest superhero movie. My only gripe was that it had a heavily CGI'd car chase and I would have really preferred to see that with practical effects especially after the last couple years of really good practical effect setpieces.
 Ray C 	  The xmen movie we've always deserved. Fox apparently has learned from the deadpool debacle.
 Walker B 	  The only good Wolverine movie, and it's amazing.
 Steven H 	  amazing best of all the xmen and associated movies
 David M 	  Apparently Hugh Jackmans last outing as Logan AKA Wolverine: his breakout role from way back in the year 2000 (17 years ago!) and also, apparently, Patrick Stewart's last outing as Professor X.And what an ending to go out on.As many have said: they've saved the best for last.I'd heard reports that Jackman had taken a pay cut in order to get this one it's 'R' rating (or, in the UK; a 15 rating, with - in this case - that 15 pushing against the boundaries of an 18!) following the success of last year's 'Deadpool': if that's true, it's a resounding success, with the tone set right from the off with a couple of F-bombs and with a brutal (and bloody) smack-down that immediatley sets it aprat from any of the other films that Wolverine has appeared in,I'd also heard that this was loosely based on the 'Old Man Logan' comic arc: if that's true, you can defiinitely see the bones of that story here, but this is very much it's own thing. This is set in the near-future, a future where mutants have died out, and where an unspecified (but heavily hinted at) tragedy has struck the X-Men, and with an ageing Logan just trying to stay out of trouble, working as a chaffeur, while also looking after an ageing (with Alzheimer's?) Professor X.However, he soon gets drawn into taking care of a young girl, a girl who proves to have a very familiar skill-set to himself, trying to get her across country and out of the USA (this is where the similarities to 'Old Man Logan' come in), while she is being hunted by a mercenary squad intent on capturing her for their own nefarious purposes. I've also heard this is influenced by the classic Western Shane - a film which, I have to say, I've never actually seen (although there is a couple of clips of it in this): I could, however, draw similarities between this and Clint Eastwood's 'Unforgiven'!
 Mark O 	  Just an amazing movie full of emotion loved it
 Jeremiah A 	  better than the dark knight. amazing. cinematic. heart-wrenching. pulse pounding.
 Olfa K 	  The movie did not stand out but was ok to watch
 David-J L 	  When this film kicks in to gear it is thrilling with spectacular action sequences that keep you on the edge of your seat. A brilliant end to the Jackman era.
 Sameer K 	  Fun and all around pretty decent movie. I'd say this is only the second superhero movie that tries to be a MOVIE first, and a comic book adaptation second. That is a good thing. The other film on that list is Batman Begins, for the record. "Logan" was also a frustrating movie. I felt like there was a great movie trapped in a so-so movie's shell. I could see the great movie underneath and desperately wished that the filmmakers had refocused the film a bit and turned it into the diamond it could have been. I felt like the film's main purpose was to say "fuck" as many times as humanly possible. This made the dialogue weak overall -- and beyond being weak, the dialogue lacked character details which could have been added had the filmmakers chosen not to distract us with so many curse words. I love curse words and I love swearing, but movies like "Logan" and "Deadpool" used swearing as a deflection, a shield to hide the weak story. The parallels between "Logan" and "Children of Men" are clear, but I think that "Logan" should have played up the whole savior angle. As is, there was no real reason for Laura to go to North Dakota. Sure, she's escaping. But I wasn't convinced that merely crossing the border from North Dakota to Canada would be a real escape. It felt arbitrary. If there had been a "savior of mutants" angle for Laura, like in "Children of Men," that could have given some weight to the whole storyline. But alas, there was not. I wish Laura had stayed mute until the very end. That would have been much more impactful in my opinion. Still, pretty good movie overall.
 Tall D 	  Best X-Men movie, best Marvel movie ever. This is not a comic book film, it's gritty and raw and a must see.
 John B 	  Great send off to a great character that we will hopefully see in deadpool 3
 Manch F 	  To me it was kind of a mixed bag. There was a lot of good moments and not so good moments. It felt really long and there was no central antagonist, the script was an overloaded mess and certain characters were left unmentioned. But I will say the ending was a great sendoff, I just wish I could say the film as a whole was great but it wasn't to me. It was okay at best and disappointing at worst.
 Arjun N 	  I was skeptical at first about this movie. The trailer did not look good, Logan would be an old man, and there was an r rating. After watching this movie, I was amazed how well the movie was taken. Jackman, as always, did his best, and the r rating made it so much more enjoyable. For the first time, the wolverine can be seen for what he truly is, with all his cussing, fighting, and heroics. Everyone acted well, and I left the theater with a sad yet satisfied feeling in my stomach. Sad that it's his last movie, satisfied because this truly was a marvel entertainer.
 Brandon N 	  What an exceptional movie. The whole plot was very intriguing with both humorous & action sequences placed perfectly. Loved it??????
 Max P 	  have always held that the Dark Knight trilogy was the quintessential "comic to big screen flick" (and entertaining for all ages). But after seeing Logan I can honestly say that the Dark Knight has been dethroned on that regard.I always thought that Marvel flicks were made for kids with their silly, and often obvious and obtuse punch lines, -cough cough Iron Man- but Fox retains Wolverine and for good reason. It's Dark, emotional and just a freaking great flick! Bravo Fox!
 Irakli V 	  ?????? ?????? ????? ??????? ??????? ???????? ?? ???? ??? ????? ????????? ?? ??? ??????? ?? ????????? ?? ???????? ???????? ?????? ?????? ?????? ????? ?????? ????? ?????????? ?????? ???????? ????????? ??????? ???? , ?? ???? ?????????? ????? !!! ??????? ?? ????????? ??? ????????? ?????? ?? ?? ???????? ??????? , ?????? ???? ???? MCU-? ??????.
 Matt H 	  The story is good and the action is amazing but really it was like we're rated R now so lets just add the f word all the time. It wasnt needed. It was like we can so we are.
 Bianca H 	  awesome movie!!! ~"~~~
 Joey F 	  Engrossing and totally un-Marvel. One of the best comic book inspired movies I've seen.
 Alex B 	  pretty great movie, but sad
 Scott S 	  unfortunately still very disappointed that no one is willing to write a wolverine story that shows general audiences why he really became the face of latter-day marvel characters. i should have known when i saw that james manigold was back after delivering barely half a decent wolverine movie that totally fell apart in the third act that this would be no better than the same ('the wolverine'). still ticked off that we never saw aaronovsky get to do his batman or wolverine movies because i feel certain that either would likely have reminded everyone what the genre is capable of in the right hands (see: nolan, whedon) i wish marvel could get the rights back to the xmen as they've done now with spider-man. the movies would still be flawed but fox has been a disaster for genre
 Dylan G 	  Breaking away from the "third film is always the worst" cliche, Logan offers yet another perspective into the tragedy that is Wolverine. Jackman delivers his best performance yet while defying the mold for superhero films. Action-packed, witty, tragic, Logan has set the standard for future comic-book movies to come.
 James J 	  Finally a good wolverine movie.. Only thing that sucks... SPOILERS......They had to kill him to do it, but what a way to go out. Great movie.
 David W 	  We've reached the end of an era.Logan, the final time we'll see Hugh Jackman don the adamantium claws, has been released to theaters. Seventeen years and 9 movies is a long time for an actor to remain in one role, and it was inevitable that one day Jackman would move on. When you play a character that doesn't age, eventually time starts to catch up to you, and it's not exactly helped by the health challenges Jackman faced, including a demanding fitness and dietary regimen, and repeated bouts of skin cancer. So it was that Jackman announced that this film would be his last. The end of 17 years as one of the anchors of the franchise, and for many people he was the definitive Wolverine. He may have been taller and handsomer than his comics counterpart, but few people now can imagine anyone who can embody the feral rage of James "Logan" Howlett better.Directed by James Mangold, who also helmed the last outing of the ol' Canucklehead, Logan arrived on the heels of the divisive X-Men: Apocalypse, in a franchise that's had almost as many misses as it's had hits. Which in part is why so many people were sad to learn that this would be his last ride. Hugh Jackman's Wolverine has been one of the few universally positive aspects of the X-Men film franchise, and with the departure of another franchise stalwart, Patrick Stewart, the film series faces an even more uncertain future than the X-Men themselves at the prospect of the new timeline that began with the critically-acclaimed Days of Future Past. Despite the success of 2016's Deadpool, the middling response to Apocalypse left the series in desperate need of a home run, even as it geared up for a massive expansion. The Gambit solo film is apparently back on track, X-Force is looming on the horizon, New Mutants is already beginning preproduction, and both Deadpool 2 and the next core X-Men film (currently code-named Supernova and rumored to bring a fresh take to the Phoenix Saga after the ill-conceived X-Men: The Last Stand) are expected to join it in filming for a 2018 release.Logan doesn't just knock it out of the park. It clears the bases.Set in 2029, 6 years following the new future glimpsed at the end of Days of Future Past, the film finds the world has radically changed. Mutants have all but disappeared, and the X-Men are gone. Logan finds himself driving a limo for hire while caring for an aging and ailing Charles Xavier in Juarez, Mexico, aided only by the ex-black marketeer and information broker Caliban (Stephen Merchant, taking over for Tmas Lemarquis' portrayal in Apocalypse). Logan's hope is to save up enough money to buy a boat, and take Charles away from Juarez. While on a job driving for a funeral, Logan is approached by a woman named Gabriela (Elizabeth Rodriguez), desperately seeking the Wolverine for help. After initially rebuffing her, he later reconsiders when she offers him $50,000 to take her and her daughter, Laura (newcomer Dafne Keen) to North Dakota. But not all is what it seems, and Logan soon finds himself on the bad side of Donald Pierce (Boyd Holbrook), head of security for the Alkali Transigen corporation under Dr. Zander Rice (Richard E. Grant).The story itself is adapted primarily from the famed Old Man Logan storyline by Mark Millar, with significant elements drawn from Christopher Yost and Craig Kyle's X-23: Innocence Lost, as well as a third that would be too much of a spoiler to even name here. It also draws extensive influence from classics of the Western genre such as Unforgiven, Shane, and The Cowboys (one scene even features Charles and Laura sitting down to watch Shane while Logan sees about transportation), and many similar themes are explored within the film. Logan and Charles are fading vestiges of another age - Logan's mutant ability to heal is failing, while Charles suffers from a degenerative mental illness. The film is rated R for its violence, and it thoroughly earns it as we finally get to see the Wolverine unleashed. Fight scenes are visceral and bloody, and the camera is not shy of showing just how ugly a man with three, foot-long claws in each hand can be in a fight. It's gruesome, but the sort of gruesome that long-time fans of the character and the series have been desperate to finally see realized. This brutality extends to the fight choreography, as well. There's no over-choreographed battle ballet, here. Logan is vicious and ugly, and when he goes to fight it's murder. With only a handful of mutants who even appear in the film there's very little in the way of variety of superpowers, allowing Mangold's direction to focus on showing us why Logan is the best there is at what he does. Although running a hefty 2h 21mins, the film never really seems to drag, as the viewer is kept engaged by the deep character drama driving the plot between action scenes. Logan and Charles bicker and argue like father and son, while both struggle to handle the virtually mute Laura, and its these character interactions that truly drive the film, exemplified with a quiet moment where Charles begs Logan to remember that life is people who love each other, and that he still has time for it.The performances all around are perfection. Jackman builds on the jaded cynicism Logan displayed in 2013's The Wolverine, infusing him with a deep weariness, and one really feels the weight of Logan's 200 years bearing him down as the film progresses. His rage and frustration are palpable, and as the film builds to the climax hearing the feral howl of the Wolverine being fully unleashed one last time will send a chill down your spine. Stewart also stands out for his performance as Charles Xavier. Although controversy has surrounded Fox's casting decisions from the very first movie (Jackman himself was called out as too pretty and tall for the famously short and ugly Logan, and his unknown quality at the time had many doubting his ability), you won't find an X-Men fan who would have even considered disagreeing with the casting of Stewart as Professor X. Stewart really gets to demonstrate his range in this film, as Charles wobbles between manic dementia and wizened sage in such a way that you're never quite sure whether he's truly gone mad, or if he knows more than he's letting on. It's a very different Xavier than we've seen before, taking McAvoy's broken junky from Days of Future Past and ratcheting it up to 11, in a way that only Patrick Stewart could pull off. He's often crass and foul-mouthed, but the moment he meets Laura slips readily right back into his role as the Professor, showing her great grandfatherly affection in a performance fully deserving of a Supporting Actor nomination. Meanwhile Boyd Holbrook fills Donald Pierce with smarmy charisma as he picks bits of scenery from his teeth with one cybernetic hand, and Richard E. Grant's Zander Rice pursues Logan, Charles, and Laura with cold sociopathy.However the film's real standout performance is by 11 year-old newcomer Dafne Keen as Laura, whom comic book fans know as X-23. The daughter of an actor father and actress mother, Keen brings a feral, predatory edge to the role. She's at once both dangerous and disarming, and perfectly sells the surface impression that she's just a harmless child. Despite not having a line of dialogue that isn't a grunt or wordless scream prior to the halfway point, Keen gives Laura a remarkable and natural emotional depth. It's tangible in the look of wonder in her eyes when she sees the lights of a city for the first time, and she speaks volumes with the smallest smile. This is a girl to watch closely as she grows into her craft; even now she delivers an award-worthy performance in only her first big-screen credit (and second overall, her only prior credit being an appearance in The Refugees) and she's only going to get better as time goes by. That she manages to stand above the performances of even such veterans of the craft as Jackman, and particularly the legendary Stewart, is testament to her natural affinity for acting, and both actors and director Mangold have taken every opportunity to praise her work ethic and talent.Logan is a hard movie. It's brutally violent, raw, yet possessing of a deep sentimental melancholy, and stands apart from the other films in the genre. This is not just the best film in the X-Men franchise, but perhaps the best film in its entire genre. It's a beautiful, loving deconstruction of the superhero film, and a moving swan song for one of the architects of the modern superhero movie.
 Matthew O 	  *Spoiler* I just have to say it in my review.Beautifully done. Hail And Farewell, Logan.He lived a warrior, violated in ways beyond imagining, became one of the greatest X-MEN that ever lived.May his heart join the heavens, and his spirit live on forever in guidance, and everlasting glory.
 Krista L 	  Hands-down the best X-Men movie ever made.
 Gilbert R 	  Good movie, action fighting. good story. enjoyed.
 Azi I 	  The Wolverine Movie everybody was waiting to see.
 Ryan A 	  Most definitely the best movie I've ever seen in my entire life. I am a marvel fan and this movie tops all X-men movies. I don't know how Logan can still keep a smile on his face even with all the loss he's been through. 10/10
 Heather T 	  Great movies too much unnecessary swearing
 Tom L 	  Absolutely Amazing. The story is emotional and the action is very gorey. It's a must see!
 Paul G 	  Everything an X-men film should be. Both Patrick Stewart and Hugh Jackman knock it out the park in what is easily the best Super Hero movie made to date.The action is fast paced and very very gory but it serves only as the vehicle to progress the story, which has you genuinely fearing for the survival of all the main characters throughout.Deadpool, the other R-rated superhero film that basically gave rise to this movie, is very heavy on the humor and despite its extreme violence it never really loses its comic appeal. Logan however is very serious, very bleak and at times a little sad. Humor is infrequent but effective when used and the whole tone of the film seems well balanced given the events of the film.As a fan of the X-Men franchise for almost 30years and of the films since they were first released I can whole hearted congratulate everyone involved in Logan for a fantastic last entry and an incredible send off to some iconic characters.
 Zi'Reon W 	  it was a awsome movie but i want wolvie back and......oh. and charls
 Peter B 	  It's very rare that acting is the best thing in a superhero movie, but that is the case in Logan. The relationship between Hugh Jackman, Patrick Stewart and newcomer Daphne Keen is well developed and emotional. Boyd Holbrook and Stephen Merchant are great as well. The tone of Logan is very different than the rest of the X-men movies, blatantly drawing upon older grim westerns. The problems for me had to do with some of the key plot points that are inconsistent with the rest of the series. Hopefully the studio will give X-men a break for a while (let Deadpool do his thing) and then give it a clean reboot with a different cast and stories. While I don't think Logan is the best X-men film (X-2 is my personal fave) it is a great send-off for Wolverine.
 miraj c 	  Don't let the ratings distract you from the fact that Wolverine dies at the end of the Logan film when he was protecting x23 from his younger clone x24, who killed professor x by stabbing him in the chest.
 Cole B 	  A fantastic film and a great ending to Hugh Jackmans role as Logan thank you so much.
 Bryan K 	  Hugh Jackman and Wolverine fans finally got the movie they deserved. I wish it could have only came earlier... Overall though this movie is the perfect send-off for Jackman's wolverine adaptation.
 Luke D 	  Jackman is exceptional!
 Bianca W 	  Best movie of 2017 so far!!!!!
 Richard C 	  Great!!! Movie....Must see, don't miss this one.
 Roberta C 	  This mmovie was a sad, sad fall for Marvel. It had a long middle where it seemed like nothing was moving forward. It was sad to see beloved characters in such decline. Little was added with sets. These actors mean a good movie, and Logan was NOT a good or even entertainning movie. And don't wait till the end of the credits-there is nothing there.
 John D 	  It's a very well made movie. I enjoyed it. Thing is, it's another stab at Christianity. All superheroes are antichrists. A Christian doesn't rely on any savior, other then Jesus the Christ. I'm not a preachy type of person, I can enjoy secular entertainment. Actually, most of my entertainment is on the secular side. It's rare to see noteworthy Christian themes in the cinema. When a cross that serves as a grave marker is pulled out of the ground and then replanted as an X, you're making a statement. You're putting man above God. In fact, you're saying God didn't get it right when he created humankind. You're saying that if we are to survive as a species, we need enhanced humans because the humans God made us as aren't up to the task. That makes evil stronger than good, which is a lie. So, as a work of cinematic artistry, I thoroughly enjoyed Logan, but the underlying message is way wrong.
 Steven M 	  4 1/2, second only to days of future past
 Eric B 	  A perfect note for Jackman to finish on.
 Tristen M 	  Fantastic movie all around. Had great humour, action and suspense. A fantastic send off to one of the greatest actors to portray a marvel character.
 Chris L 	  A worthy send-off, if it really is Jackman's last stand (wink). The violence is shocking compared to the previous X-Men films. Some may be caught off guard by the body count and the iconic characters swearing profusely. As a no-holds-barred swan song it feels like a worthy farewell and leaves you wishing that there was more to come.
 Ronald W 	  Best of the X-Files series. We see a weary Wolverine discover how to feel and care again. Same for most of us in the audience...
 Jake P 	  The Dark Knight of Marvel movies, the swan song for Hugh Jackman
 Rick M 	  Top notch in acting, drama and action....
 Melody E 	  Fuck, I haven't seen this yet, but five stars anyway.
 Emanuel B 	  Intimate, human, painful and still a comic book filme. Incredible!
 Philip S 	  First off: this is NOT your daddy's Wolverine movie. There is a TON of swearing (probably more than 50% of Logan's dialogue in the first 10 minutes) and gratuitous violence. A well-earned R rating. The movie itself is solid. My main complaint is that it is a bit predictable, especially if you've seen any of the trailers. There are also a number of unanswered questions, though those may have been left unresolved to allow for the possibility of films between this one and its predecessors (chief among them: why are there so few mutants left, especially if Canada is such a safe haven? Surely not all international mutants were hunted down. Also: what is the relationship exactly between Logan and X-23? The dialogue in the film seems misleading on this point. Which, well, is a pretty big point. Why is Logan doing Joe jobs if he hopes to make such a luxurious purchase? Finally, HOW MUCH ARE THESE HENCHMEN BEING PAID TO GO HEAD-TO-HEAD AGAINST MUTANTS?! Not enough, it seems.) This is Jackman's best work as Wolverine and it's obvious this is not a Bryan Singer flick. Thank goodness. I just wish the previous X-Men/Wolverine films had been given this much style. Oh, and, don't waste your time: there is no post-credit scene. It's a thumbs up, but probably for a limited audience.
 Clarissa H 	  By far the best X-men film out there. And quite possibly the best Marvel film created (except yours Deadpool, you're always gonna be #1 in my book). This gritty, dark, and emotional thrill ride is what Wolverine's life is really like and he finally got the treatment he deserved. This is Logan's story done right. If you have a passion for his character, you won't be disappointed. If you don't, but still want to see some X-Men action, this is the movie for you. We finally get a real glimpse into the tragedy Logan views his life as. We finally get to feel what he has felt. Love is Logan's greatest strength and greatest fear and now we can see and feel that too.
 Jill R 	  If you're going to see this movie expecting another X-Men movie, don't. It's entirely different from that. It's dark, it's gritty, it's violent, it's dramatic, and full of profanity. I watched it because it's the end of the X-Men that I grew up loving. Here's the thing... It suffers from the writing. Where they wanted it to be poignant, it wasn't. The parts where it would have been relevant to allow the audience to mourn were abbreviated and all too quickly discarded for another scene full of gruff language. The writers expected the audience to care about an emotionless killing machine without taking into account the lack of humanity displayed by that character for most of the movie. Even ultimate redemption is not enough to save it. By the end, I still didn't care. This is definitely not my Wolverine. Not my X-men.
 Yannick D 	  A gritty and much acclaimed addition to the X-Men-Franchise. What everyone seems to love about this movie unfortunately didn't reach me as I found it somewhat stale emotionally.
 Gregory M 	  What was that supposed to be?I feel cheated!I haven't journeyed myself through movies and movies from the X-Men universe, I haven't invested myself in those characters to have a Wolverine movie end it all like that! It hurts really bad, I felt an emptiness inside me. It was painful. Hgh Jackman gave a wonderful performance but Patrick Stewart just blew my minds away. Shout-out to Dafne Keen for stealing every frame she was in. This was a really tough movie to watch.
 Salkin N 	  Awesome movie ??????
 Bill W 	  Brilliant movie. Extremely violent but with heart somehow. Great performances. Probably wont see a Logan 2 but we can dream.
 Curt B 	  Brutal, relentless, unimaginative, lacking in true emotion. Well produced but bleak, without subtlety or nuance. The level of carnage is relentless. Plot spoiler: almost everybody gets impaled.
 Jess M 	  I can't believe that they killed Logan!
 Thomas L 	  Young mutant Laura played by great ferocity by newcomer Storyline inventive mixing movie reality & comics. Movie broke with some conventions yet kept other stereotype ideas. Otherwise would be the perfect escapist, gritty movie. For example, like no explanation why the young mutants had to leave by a certain day & why escaping to the northern border would make everything ok
 Tara H 	  Absolutely sensational. Heartbreaking, raw, emotional, tragic, touching...wonderful. Thank you Hugh Jackman for this beautiful swan song for an incredible character.
 Fabio C 	  Great movie, well thought and with an incredible cast. Much more than expected.
 Oliver S 	  If you wanted a good Wolverine movie, there you have it
 Gerwin O 	  A fantastic movie that realy shows that no matter how old the mutants get, they will always remain deadly badasses. The movie has its fair share of emotional moments that realy hit you, and honestly almost had me burst into tears.Also, it is important to know that this movie doesn't have an after credit scene, but instead it comes with a short before the movie starts. I can't say much, but it is about a guy whose name rymes with 'thatcool'
 Dayzzel A 	  I wasn't informed that this is drama, kala ko action. But very good nonetheless.
 Eugene T 	  Honestly one of the best movies I've ever see and the perfect ending to the wolverine saga. I just get tested up thinking about it all.
 Jerome B 	  Might be the best X Men movie ever. Definally the Saddest. Was good enough to be nominated during award season
 Ben O 	  Amazing! Loved it but so sad!
 Ayella B 	  Fantastic outing for the Hugh Jackman Wolverine. Time for X-23's wolverine
 Siaka M 	  great way to end it for Hugh
 Jeje W 	  I saw Logan at seven o'clock the day before it came out. I thought I was prepared for a fun, awesome, Rated R experience. And I got it. But I also got a dark, depressing, serious movie. This movie is not for kids and not only because of the violence. It's too complex for them to understand. This movie was fantastic. I loved it. It is better than any Marvel movie I've ever seen and better than The Dark Knight. Everything about this movie shines. From the score, the editing, the cinematography, and the acting. Hugh Jackman really gives all he's got left in this movie and he does an amazing job as Logan. Patrick Stewart is also great but the one person who really blew me away was Dafne Keen as Laura. She was incredible. It's very rare to find a child this young who gives such an exhilarating performance. Logan does not disappoint in the slightest and I'm giving it a 10/10.
 Mike K 	  With this movie, the superhero genre officially grows up, in addition to demonstrating that superhero movies don't need big gimmicky special effects and huge set pieces with toppling skyscrapers and end-of-the-world scenarios. This is a small, intimate film, that could have just as easily been a western or a simple witness-protection tale, like "Unforgiven" or "The Witness". Best of all, and I'm sure reviewers will say this over and over again, it's a "real film". The writing, acting and direction are all top-notch. The entire production is tastefully done, with nary a whiff of spectacle or corny heroics, instead opting for real drama, emotion, tension and high personal stakes. Rated R, this is Wolverine at his bloodiest and most violent. The body count is high, and when it happens to characters you care about, the deaths carry tremendous emotional weight. If you've been looking for the superhero movie that isn't simply a geeky slugfest full of over-the-top CGI visual effects, this is it right here. As Logan's swan song, they could hardly have made a better movie to send him off on. The best superhero movie to date.
 Manny C 	  Outstanding performances by Hugh Jackman and Patrick Stewart! Awesome way to end the Wolverine!
 jos f 	  Very good, maybe great
 Michael M 	  Great ending to Logan's story.
 Reuben M 	  Unfortunate gorefest with good moments
 Gregory M 	  Much much better than i would've ever expected!A fitting tribute to his exit from the franchise
 Ashwin D 	  Best X-men movie so far!!!
 Justin W 	  First things first, I have not seen any other X-men movie in its entirety prior to viewing Logan, Deadpool aside. I have seen bits and pieces of the others but never really had much intent to watch them. I may have to revisit my intentions after viewing Logan tonight. The film stars Hugh Jackman as Logan/Wolverine in what has been confirmed as his last appearance as the character. It also stars Patrick Stewart as Ebenezer Scrooge... I mean Professor X in (spoiler) what might also be his last appearance. Logan is set in 2029 and follows Logan as a washed up superhero who is a limo driver to make money. He is visited by a woman and a child and the rest you have to go to the theater to see. I enjoyed this film despite knowing almost nothing about Wolverine, we'll except what Deadpool tells us. The action sequences were well done, the acting is well done, and the settings this film uses are great. I mean all except that North Dakota does not look like that... It was an enjoyable story and dare I say I almost shed some tears in places. I look forward to the future of the series and will probably go back and watch the first X-men films. Go see Logan. I can almost guarantee it is a better film than Kong: S...k...u...l..l... I..s...la..nd.
 Ben F 	  The wolverine movie we were waiting for!!
 PharmGirl  	  This movie was extremely gory and filled with needless f-bombs every two seconds. The storyline was difficult to follow and ridiculous. They didn't give the characters a proper send off. Awful movie, won't see it again.
 Jay M 	  I've never been so close to tears in a superhero movie. This film defies the genre, showing that Fox is FINALLY stepping up to plate and creating something totally different from Disney's MCU.
 Colin B 	  Best Xmen movie yet. finally done right. a must see for fans!
 Shehzad D 	  Entertaining but anticlimactic
 Jorge R 	  "you think super hero movies are fun? Fuck you, here's the Road only with mutants"
 Logan B 	  Logan (Hugh Jackman's last portrayal movie as Wolverine) was the true definition of a brutally-violent & incredible film. Hugh Jackman KILLED it as Logan/Wolverine, as did Patrick Stewart (Charles Xavier/Professor X) & Lafne Keen (Laura/X-23). Also, the action/fight scenes were brutal in the best possible way. The story was also really good. Logan was the 2nd BEST movie I've seen this year, right after A Dog's Purpose.
 Daryl C 	  I was worried, I really was. The other Wolverine movies have been....well..."not good" is an understatement. Recently I have hated getting my hopes up for super hero films, X-Men, DC anything, all complete disappointments.Then there is this movie. YES! YESSS! This was just fantastic. It was engaging, the action was great, it had emotion, the characters (on the good guys side) were all acted so well. Patrick Stewart out did himself on playing Prof. X. The little girl played her roll amazingly well, and once you know the character and how she came to be in the comic....she's spot on. And by far Hugh Jackman's best acted roll in anything i've seen of his.My critiques are few. I wasn't a fan of the cause behind wolverine's aging...just doesn't fit with the comics, but it worked for the movie. The bad guys were OK, bad guys have never been Marvel's strong suit as their bad guys represent ideas more than they are engaging themselves. Oh...there is like one set of boobs in the movie...which were completely unnecessary, and its not that I have anything against boobs. Its rated R, the blood and violence alone would get it to R. The boobs I was like...lol, why?, but, OK...cool. Its also obvious Chrysler / Dodge paid a lot to be in the movie. I mean...thats what I've got...minor grievances. I'm sure i could nitpick a little more but...yea. I don't want to talk about the really great stuff because...spoilers....just see it.AHH...it was soo good!
 Ben S 	  Wow...... 10 out of 10. The best superhero ever made that I think will do well at the 90th oscars for sure! So depressing.... Woah, wow, unbelievable, greatest of all time, no way, classic!!!!!!!!!!!
 Jason G 	  Sad to see Hugh Jackman retired from the character. In which he was born to do. No can ever replace him as Wolverine. The only movie superhero character. Whose actor played the same character in all Marvel Wolverine and Xmen movies. No replacements or change actors.
 John R 	  What The Wolverine Series always should have been..... Dark. So better late than never.
 Rodri S 	  it was a beautiful movie about redemption, family and love.wild and cruel as life itself
 Alonso A 	  Stylistically outstanding, dramatically nuanced, sublimely self-contained. In essence a western in the way of Peckinpah and an action movie inspired by George Miller. Logan is that one superhero movie whose priority is first and foremost working as a film, and it shows.
 Bob K 	  4.5 out 5. Very good story. Little one kicks a$$.
 Lewis M 	  an anticlimactic end to an epic run. the character of Logan and professor x play vulnerable very well in this movie. but from my point of view it was lacking a good villain. There was little or no back story as to how they ended up where they are. I feel like it wasn't set up terribly well. amazing performances from the cast involved however without giving anything away I was disappointed with this movie
 Heather W 	  What a wonderful way for Hugh Jackman to end his glorious reign as Wolverine. Well done.
 chad s 	  I really did love this movie but I had to give it only 3 stars and that is for killing off the 2 most important characters of the franchise. Hell I understand that Jackman is done with the role but it is a character that can keep going. I just hate that the only way we see "Logan/Wolverine" again is part of a reboot.
 Tracy S 	  After 17 years of bringing the X-Men character Wolverine to life, Hugh Jackman is hanging his claws up and going off into the sunset. While his tenure as Wolverine has had its up and downs, Jackman is definitely going out on a high note. Logan is a masterclass in terms of story and character with enough action and fan service to please both long time fans as well as new comers. While it is not quite a perfect film, this is still one of the best comic book films ever made and more importantly sends a character out in a blaze of glory. The film revolves around Logan in the year 2029 where he and Charles Xavier are hiding out after the mutants have basically dissipated where only a few are left in the world. However, after a woman and a small mutant girl, named Laura, find Logan, he must journey north to possibly find more mutants and save the girl from the company trying to capture her. This is a relatively vague description but I feel that Logan is a movie that should be seen with as few details as possible to truly get the most out of it. The progression of the story is very thorough and by the end of the film you feel like you have been taken on a journey. Sure, it is a road trip film at it's core, but there are so many heart filled and truly human moments that you feel the weight in every scene. Plus, the end of the film is one of the most poetic moments in recent years and I applaud the writers here for giving a movie that is superb to the end.Another thing that helps this story is the fact that it truly grasped the film's R rating and actually deserves it. Logan/Wolverine has always felt a bit nerfed in terms of his violent ways but here his brutality is on display. Logan basically feels worthless and has nothing to lose, so his violent ways back this up and show how much he is willing to fight for what little bit he does have. The violence in this is brutal and unapologetic making for some truly great moments. The language does seem a bit excessive at times but it feeds into where these characters are compared to 17 years ago, so in the end it all feels right. Basically Logan is a rare film where the rating is a method for story progression rather than exploitation for ticket sales.The acting in this film is top notch with Hugh Jackman giving his best performance to date. He has always embodied this character but this time he left it all on floor and gives us something truly special. Patrick Stewart plays Xavier for his final time as well and gives us what we love about him with an added dose of humor. We get a new villain named Pierce played by Boyd Holbrook and he is a really well rounded villain fit for the film. However, the person who nearly steals the show is Dafne Keen as Laura. Keen is a great fit in the role and delivers some heartfelt moments as well as some of the best action scenes in the film.James Mangold directed this film and he really made something special here. He crafted this futuristic film in the way of a western and somehow made this film work. His eye for action is second to none with brutal moments followed by scenes that will bring you on the verge of crying. Mangold also directed 2013?s The Wolverine but here he learned from the mistakes of that film and made this feel more human and grounded to deliver a film revolving around mutants feel as if we are watching an award winning drama. Basically, Mangold did what every director should do when handed scripts like these.While I truly love this film the more I think about it, I have to admit there is one issue here: the pacing. The film clocks in at 2 hours and 17 minutes and while most scenes do fit extremely well, some do drag and you feel it. This does not make the film bad by any stretch of the word, but it is an issue that you probably will see when you see it. When the film is firing on all cylinders you will love it but in those slower scenes, you kinda wonder why the didn't trim the fat by just a few minutes.All in all, Logan is one of the best comic book films to date and a film that you must see. Even if you haven't followed the X-Men franchise, this is a film that tells an amazing story of family and finding yourself that everyone can relate to. It does have a pacing issue in some scenes, but other than that this is a film that you will talk about for years to come. Just keep in mind that this film is rated R for a reason and just because it has a superhero is in it, that doesn't mean your children should see it.
 aziz o 	  perfect ending for logan :(
 Jason S 	  In my opinion the best Marvel movie ever!!! The perfect way to end the Wolverine. It made me laugh, cry and the action was amazing. A great story line with lots of emotion. This really should be up for a Best Picture nod next year!!!! Go see this movie.
 Betty C 	  Best Marvel movie I've seen
 Kyle M 	  We finally get to see Wolverine in action they way I think he should. Decent movie, well acted (especially by Patrick Stewart), and quite entertaining. Now I really crave to see a film with Wolverine in his prime in this R rated fashion! Worth a view for sure
 Phoebe S 	  2 straight hours of angst, gore, and half-baked plot. Boring and weak and unmotivated to the point of hilarity.
 Blake J 	  93 minutes too long.
 Nayeli M 	  This is for me a sad movie its just sad how Logan suffers to get what her daughter want and how this men want to use children for weapons
 Dustin W 	  this movie was fucking dumb the whole story everything
 Larry B 	  sorry not a fan of this movie... I Love X Men, but this was depressing and a hire fest. No fun at all
 Luke T 	  Wtf... how did this movie get such good reviews?! Shallow and violent.
 Joshua F 	  Why can't I give this 11 stars...seriously one of the best movies I've ever watched. If you're even remotely an x-men fan you have to watch this
 Joshua F 	  Why can't I give this 11 stars...seriously one of the best movies I've ever watched. If you're even remotely an x-men fan you have to watch this
 luke k 	  I'd like to note THIS IS NOT A 5 STAR REVIEW OF A 5 STAR FILM. Simply I can't post this review without giving it a star because fuck you Rottentomatoes. Only reason I gave 5 because that's seems to be what everyone else is giving it and if you are reading this then the 5 stars caught your attention. So lets "Review" Logan.So when I said "I have no idea how to review this film" I meant it, I simply cannot rate this film, not because I was disappointed with it or because It's the best movie in the history of movies. No I can't rate it because I haven't been so emotionally conflicted with something like this since the ending of "The Last of Us" and putting it bluntly this is actually the closest and best film we've had at conveying the same bleak and gritty themes and damn right gut wrenching "Action" in what is arguably the best X-men film and without a doubt the best performance Hugh Jackman has ever given in his career....(Damn that was long)Despite reoccurring characters and Easter Eggs, make no mistake if you go in this film expecting an X-Men movie then chances are you will be disappointed. I think everyone in the cinema was just as conflicted as I am as I found myself awkwardly applauding when the truth is this is not a film to be applauded at. The truth is it was my weird way of saying goodbye to Hugh Jackman as Logan, a character I have grown up with for 16 years even though my childhood fantasies made me choose Storm over all the other superheroes. It wasn't until Wolverine and after going back to X2 that I realized just how brilliant Logan was as a character, and everything he's been through is put on display for what I can only call a fucking awesome and hard hitting movie.Whether this is really an X-Men movie or another Wolverine movie is just as debatable as where does Rogue One belong in the Star Wars saga and I'm going to say what I just said in my Anime review 20 minutes ago. WHO THE FUCK CARES?! The performances in this movie alone should get recognized for Oscar nominations and if only the "Part of the saga: X-men" wasn't written on this damn critic site then it would genuinely have a pretty good shot at winning it for best actor Hugh Jackman, best support actor Patrick Stewart and best rising star for Dafne Keen. Its so rare seeing performances like this in Saga based movies and it's entertaining just for that alone even with Oscar season over. For a character who can heal from almost anything, this movie did something that I never thought was possible with Logan. I was scared. Scared of what would happen to him both physically as he is constantly torn apart and emotionally for the damaged shell of a man he has become. It's no wonder with the things he's been through the situation is as grim as it is. You feel every ounce of intense and damn hard to watch action that hits the screen, it's R rating is something fans have been dying to see and it works just so damn well here. It never pushes it's boundaries to ridiculousness like with Deadpool as humorous as that was, it's ruthlessness is pushed ever more with the insane brutality that is thrown at by the introduction of Child mutant Laura who Is just bad ass when she is not showing her surprising emotional child side (This is not a world for Kids as this film shows). Now of course I had high expectations for this film, which is something I really wish I could avoid since there were points where I was disappointed or wished they could have added important scenes in, or bits that simply didn't hit me as emotionally as I wanted it too most likely because of how numb this film made me feel from the violence. I was even pissed off at points where the film completely fails to explain pretty much anything, if you hate plot holes you will hate this film. I even found myself disappointed with the soundtrack to the film something I rarely even consider, but when you have 3 amazing songs which perfectly express the tone of the film in their respective trailers and have nothing even close to that in the actual film. Instead outside of action it's entirely silent all the way through, but since the silence subtlety conveys the tone of the film regardless I can't exactly argue against it. Like I said a film cannot please everyone and with the way certain character arcs are portrayed throughout the movie hence my inevitable "Nostalgia Critic" kicks in and I can't help but think just how shitty some things were and how it sacrifices entertainment for slow character. Yet this is also where "Emotional Conflict" also kicks in because as much as I hate to admit this film is brilliant at making you give a fuck only for something unexpected and more than unpleasant to happen, and if you have been paying attention to my rambling then you should realize where this movie is going and it's damn right shit. And I mean that in both the worst and best of ways.Look if you've made it this far or just decided to skip to my conclusion (Then you are missing out on some serious dry and awful humour) my rating is this. I don't have one. The only thing I can say is that this is the best send off to Hugh Jackman and Patrick Stewart, the best send off I've seen in all my years of watching movies. It earns it's place AS A DAMN GOOD MOVIE and every tear that my friends shed throughout watching it. Regardless of my conflict with this film, as a student I can say even with fear of spending money this is without a doubt worth it's ticket price and even more so worth the time to watch it.
 Derek C 	  Intense and fast paced, Logan is a fitting end for Hugh Jackman's Wolverine.
 John M 	  Exciting and a smart character study which you can't get from many Marvel movies. Yes I feel there are parts where it's too slow and some forced dramatization but this is a very smart screenplay and very unlike so many of its kind. It's also probably Hugh Jackman's best.
 Andrew S 	  Amazing, spectacular, dark, sad, funny, and VERY BLOODY AND GOREY. Defiantly a great way to end Hugh's career as The Wolverine
 Lozano L 	  Great movie Hugh Jackman put in hard work on this, he and the movie deserve an Oscar
 Dan R 	  Very violent and emotional. But it was what Wolverine was always meant to be. Gory and emotional. What more is there to say.
 Afsoon A 	  Amazing send off!!! Hugh will always be the best Wolverine...Thank you for doing it with some rated R gusto!!!! I want to see it again!!!
 Leonardo - Malacay - S 	  Todo el tiempo se siente como un comic y que buen comic, sin duda de las mejores pelculas de su genero. Entre la sangre y la lagrima.
 Jesse W 	  Very good if you are even the tiniest of a x-men marvel fan see this movie!!
 joe h 	  If you haven't watched Logan yet, go watch it. The best comic book movie I have ever watched. Just remarkable. Shows you the Darkside of Wolverine and his character.
 Christopher B 	  Wow, Wolverine as he should be. Blown away, definitely puts all other Marvel films to shame. (Deadpool included)Great casting, great everything.Definitely see this in the big screen, IMAX if you can.
 Rob M 	  Great movie!!! An amazing send off for Hugh Jackman!!! They put him through the ringer on fights, and the feels grab ya hard!!!
 Matthew H 	  March 3, 2017"Logan" sets out to be the black sheep of the "X-Men" franchise by being the first entry in the series to be rated R. And it's a hard R. This is an unabashedly violent, gruesome, raw and sometimes hard-to-watch action movie; it creates a world that's dark, dusty and inhabited by misanthropic characters who possess a bleak and hopeless outlook on life. It's not unlike (and probably drew inspiration from) "Mad Max: Fury Road" with regards to its tone, locations and depraved people. But then, the "X-Men" movies have never really been "upbeat." The humor and playfulness found in other superhero movies like, say, "Spider-Man," "The Avengers" or "Deadpool" was never really a staple quality for the X-Men, probably because these superheroes always felt especially marginalized; they're lonely, sad, fearful and angry, and "Logan" takes these qualities to the extreme.However, it would be wrong to praise "Logan" just because it's dark, violent and disturbing. Being these things for their own sake doesn't really accomplish anything if there isn't a worthwhile story being told, and indeed James Mangold's film often feels redundant with its brutality, almost as if its carnage is the story. How many times, for instance, do we have to see the bad guys decapitated or viscously stabbed through various parts of the body before we become desensitized to such imagery and it no longer carries any meaning? "Logan" reaches that limit by its end and the movie is ultimately longer than it needs to be, no doubt because of its excessive action sequences. So on the whole, it's far from perfect.On the other hand, the movie is often bold, exciting, well-performed and technically impressive. Mangold and his team have crafted a visually stirring action drama that sees its titular character finally come to terms with himself, and even though the plot, characters and atmosphere feel derivative of other dystopian movies that have come before it, collectively, they keep us engaged and get a rise out of us.Besides its bloodshed, another way "Logan" sets itself apart is by more or less operating independently of its brethren. Yes, there are references to the other "X-Men" movies, particularly "Days of Future Past," but because this one is more character-driven, we feel it tells us everything we need to know and therefore it's not imperative viewers have seen the original or other sequels in order to know what's happening here. This allows "Logan" to stand on its own and we simply follow it's story about a troubled soul who's never been able to shake his turbulent past or find genuine purpose in life. And now, Logan (Hugh Jackman), a.k.a. Wolverine, wants nothing more than to buy a boat, sail away and die. He assumes it's just the same, since the mutant population is all but extinct because of a virus. His body is already giving way-the adamantium metal that runs throughout his body, which gives him those extendable claws he's famous for, is now killing him and overriding his innate mutant ability to heal instantaneously.He and another mutant named Caliban (Stephen Merchant), an albino with the ability to track other mutants, essentially squat in an abandoned plant near the Texas-Mexico border. They take turns caring for the ailing Professor Xavier (Patrick Stewart), who has a neurodegenerative disease and unless he gets routine shots of a certain serum, he has a seizure and his brain sends out powerful waves that cause a paralyzing, pulsating environment for anyone in the immediate area. Logan knows this and works as a chauffeur, trying to enough funds to buy his boat and take himself and Xavier out to the middle of the ocean. In the meantime, he'll work, drink, smoke cigars and pretend not to care for others even though he does.But Logan's plans to lay low get disrupted when he's approached by two different individuals with connected but very different agendas. The first is the obviously sinister Donald Pierce (Boyd Holbrook), a security agent for Transigen, the company responsible for destroying mutants out of fear they couldn't be controlled. In the time since the Westchester incident of "Days of Future Past" (it is now 2029), Transigen has overseen two different projects in which they've tried to breed their own mutants using preserved mutant DNA, including Logan's, all in an effort to turn them into weapons. The first project, "X-23," failed and the company found the child mutants it fostered had too many defects. With the advent of "X-24," Pierce, who comes equipped with one of those bad guy mechanical claws, is rounding up all the "X-23" children in order to dispose of them. This is where the second individual who approaches Logan comes into play. Her name is Gabriela (Elizabeth Rodriguez), a former nurse at Transigen. She now watches after a young "X-23" mutant named Laura, played with focused intensity by Dafne Keen and who was been bred with Logan's DNA. Needless to say, she also has metal claws and has been genetically engineered to run, jump, flip and strike like a super solider and the movie isn't shy about showing off her abilities or willingness to kill anyone she deems a threat, which is many.Gabriela beseeches Logan to take Laura north to a place called "Eden," the supposed sanctuary for the remaining "X-23" kids. Though he initially refuses, run-ins with Pierce and an uncovering of Transigen's dirty laundry force Logan to take action. Several bodies later, he, Professor Xavier and Laura are on a road trip from Texas to North Dakota, and so their survival adventure begins. The screenplay by Mangold, Scott Frank and Michael Green uses the characters' journey as a platform for all the customary action sequences, but also quieter, more human, er, mutant, scenes. The best of each actually involves Xavier, who at one point goes too long without taking his serum and thus causes the crippling, vibratory effect I mentioned earlier. The scene happens in a hotel and it's a masterful example of timing and special effects. A more down-to-earth moment takes place when Logan, Xavier and Laura spend the night at farm family's house after helping them round up their horses. During it, Xavier makes a heartfelt confession and we feel the kind of emotion the movie is trying to convey. Despite these scenes, though, at the end of the day, "Logan" is still a superhero movie and, as such, adheres to a tried-and-true formula that allows us to guess where it's going. And just because it's exorbitantly violent and gory doesn't mean it's any more admirable than if it wasn't; it just means it more exclusive to adults. Still, the characters and their plight resonate with us and the relationship that develops between Logan and Laura carries weight. Jackman and Keen take their roles seriously and we empathize with them as they struggle to find peace, and even though it ends on a hopeful note, Mangold, to his credit, never make this world out to be one we envy. Watching it is like experiencing a war zone, and perhaps Mangold's intention with the R-rating was to incorporate enough extreme violence in order to attack violence in general by showing just how unpleasant it can be. Is that stretching it? Maybe, but whatever the case, "Logan," as a movie, hovers between standard and effectively dark. It's not groundbreaking by any means and we've seen other, better movies like it, but for those who've stuck with Logan throughout the 10 "X-Men" films in which he's appeared (if only for a few seconds), this last one makes us feel like the character has finally come full circle. And for those who haven't, the film is still visually stimulating and emotional-not to the degree that it's violent, but high enough to be satisfying.
 Adrian B 	  the best and the most dark xmen film , the drama was really good and the action was badass . a very good movie for the last performance of hugh jackman as the wolverine . rate 5
 Troy S 	  Logan. Wow...just... wow.
 Hannah K 	  Just saw Logan and OMG it was so good and sad! I cried at the end!
 Luke D 	  After almost two decades of X-Men adventures and endeavors Jackman and Stewart brilliantly conclude their exploits in this gritty but impassioned film. If you expected the usual actors in tights superhero flick then you're frankly dead wrong.
 Ki-seon P 	  Dark, violent, with a thought provoking story, and great performances, Logan is not only a good comic book movie, it is a great film.
 Sai T 	  It's only a drama ..... about Charles and Logan ??
 Lisa M 	  Awesome movie don't you miss out.
 Micah F 	  "Logan" was decent. First half was better than the second half. Can't really go into what my major problems were with it without going into spoiler territory, but let me just say that they repeated a mistake that they made in the third film in the poor way they treated a certain element of the series. Kind of baffles me, to be honest.Pros: Best film representation of the Wolverine character by far. The R rating was necessary to show what a bloodbath his world really would be were he real. Glad they didn't pull punches, there.The setting and pacing of the film was also perfect. Wilderness and uncertainty best suit this subject matter. The silly X doors and spandex suits of the typical films are gone; replaced by a gritty realism that heightens the tension.It actually ends. No "next time on X-Men" after credits scene; no inappropriate sense of tying up every single loose end to satisfy the unsatisfiable fan boys; just an ending to a film that carries real weight and a sense of finality. It doesn't linger, and it doesn't tease. It just sends Hugh Jackman's portrayal of this character off in earnest. And on the whole, it was satisfying.Cons: That aforementioned poor handling of a certain element of the series I can't risk spoiling.The supporting cast was actually pretty bad. The main villain is a caricature; the informant character that gives the backstory is one dimensional and convenient, and the little girl running around shrieking all the time was annoying as hell to me. But the movie clearly thinks she's brilliant, so there is far too much of her.It's a fine film. It's certainly the best X-Men film. But is it "The Dark Knight" of this franchise like one critic wrote? Not in my opinion. Saying "fuck" all the time and showing blood and guts does not on its own equal a "mature" film to me; real depth to character motivation and plot does. And at the end of the day, "Logan" is still a movie about bad guys doing bad guy stuff because they are bad guys, and though the hero might be an antihero in this case, he's still not too difficult to figure out-- no matter how much his co-stars act like he is.
 lisa s 	  they wanted a 15 rating and then went for the fbomb record with it lol the film was good but had loose ends and i thought that the last few moments with logan and x23 were a little forced at the end
 Ellie J 	  the only movie that ever made me cry jesus...
 Bryan R 	  Best X-Men movie yet!!!
 Movie F 	  I went to see the movie kinda cautious about the R rating and I will say that yes It did have R rated content such as violence constant swearing and drinking and a brief nude scene but it is a fantastic time in the movie theater I have to say that I loved the action level and adventure even suspence packed with laughs the little girl was awesome to see too she was just a little firecracker and as much of a fighter As Logan himself I highly recommend that you see this movie just don't take the family remember that it is rated R for a few good reasons but enjoy
 Christopher N 	  Brutal and tragic; probably the best film of the X-Men franchise.
 Alex M 	  A great send off to a character that we have grown up loving.
 Ronnie R 	  Awesome, epic, Laura is badda$$ and they all die
 Clay C 	  What an amazing film! I loved logan! What all superheros movie would be! I Love it so much! My dad DID NOT poop during this film
 blaise is c 	  Really excited, gonna take my dad for his birthday.
 Simon E 	  Gritty. Bleak. Brutal. This last outing for jackmans titular mutant and patricks professor x is up close and personal and grabs at the heartstrings. A powerful and thoughtful tale and a sombre end to the two stalwarts of the current comic book movie era.
 John S 	  What can I say, Hugh Jackman at his finest. He will be missed as Wolverine.
 Jonathan%20 S 	  I almost died! Don't see this movie or you will diez,
 Tiago C 	  This movie was good, but was just that. Just as clich as you might expect. Look at this way: There's Logan old and tired just working to buy a boat, there's a bad guy that shows up looking for a girl with the same genetic powers as Logan's, she appears in Logan's hideout in the desert, then he kills everyone until he reaches the boss, after defeating the main enemy,he dies, the girl lives and a Wolverine movie will return in a female shape in the next few years. Was a good movie, but an overhyped one, supported by millions os fans that Marvel milks them every single year. For the budget they could make a better story.
 Marco P 	  The ode to Wolverine. Call me crazy, but this film could be considered for Oscars. I'm talking Hugh Jackman for Best Actor, Patrick Stewart for Best Supporting Actor, and Dafne Keen for Best Supporting Actress. It's that good. Such a shame the character never made it to the MCU, but this film trumps even those movies by a mile.
 Todd R 	  Didn't really care for it.
 jacqueline g 	  loved it! favorite of the three! the fight scenes gave me chills! so good!
 Andrew N 	  A little slower than I had hoped but overall a good film and story line x
 Cornelius e 	  Winter Soldier was my #1 but Logan easily took that spot
 Reka H 	  Good movie, probably the best performance from Hugh Jackman as wolverine. Same goes to Patrick Stewert on his profesor x performance. Very promision seeing such a young actor Dafne Keen take on such a huge role. You could really see that their were going for it in this movie and im glad excactly this movie was the last one.
 Jamie J 	  not alot to say about this one, except I loved it.i think this is the most well made comic book movie since the dark knight.
 John P 	  After many years and some disappointments, X-Men fans finally have the R rated Wolverine movie we always wanted. And it's all we could have hoped for. Logan is not only graphic, gory, and action packed, it's also a work of surprising depth and thoughtfulness that does as much as the best comic book story-line to show us the real Wolverine. The last two installments covered his past, to mixed effect. This film instead takes us to his future. And what a future it is. The X-Men are long gone, no mutants have born in years, and Logan can barely remember a time he thought of himself as hero. These day's he's just a down on his luck driver; renting out Professor X's limo by the hour to pay for food, booze, and the medicine keeping the old man alive. Until a seemingly random encounter with a desperate woman and a very special girl forces him to embark on one last adventure.Marvel has given us many interesting takes on the superhero genre in recent years. They've done it as Hero's Journey, pared down revenge tale, ensemble spectacular, shoot 'em up spy thriller, and riotous self-parody. This is the superhero adventure as Man with No Name western. A visually desolate, slowly intensifying tale of a lone grizzled hero on the edge of society taking a stand to protect the vulnerable, even knowing what it will cost him. There's no happy ending waiting at the end of the line, but there may a measure of absolution and chance to truly feel alive once more.Hugh Jackman is masterful in the title role. He's played Wolverine so many times in the last seventeen years that he's practically become the character, and he channels all of his experience and talent into bringing him to life once more. This version of Wolverine is far removed from the rage fueled, semi-feral monster we glimpsed in Origins and Apocalypse. But the anger is still there deep inside. Anger that the dream he fought so hard for is dead, along with all his friends. Anger at his own failing powers and declining health. And anger at himself for being unable to stop it. He's keenly aware that he's become a shadow of his former self, and it's eating him up inside.The anger shows though in his bitterness, cynicism and disillusionment, his near endless stream of curses, his insistence that he doesn't owe anyone anything or care about their problems. But the anger is overshadowed by an even deeper emptiness. Jackman's every line and action radiates a profound sense of tiredness. It's clear that he's barely going through the motions of life. He doesn't want to fight anymore, or run, or maybe even go on living. But he keeps fighting because he doesn't have a choice and because at the end of the day it's all he knows. This version of Logan is so complex, compelling, and deeply flawed, and Jackman and the writers should both get an Oscar for it.For his part, Patrick Stewart is sometimes profound, sometimes pathetic, but always tragic as the ailing, addled Professor Xavier. Once of the world's greatest thinkers- and its most powerful telepath- he's now reduced by dementia to a confused and often barely lucid old man. His introduction will make you want to laugh and cry at the same time. And the scenes of him bickering about having to take his medicine will be all too real for anyone who's seen Alzheimer's firsthand. Then in his occasional moments of clarity he's once again the wise mentor and psychic we know and love; a paraplegic Yoda. Yet in a way it's almost worse then, because that's when the weight of reality comes crashing down on him, reminding him of what he had and who he was. And it's then that the seizures are closest. Seizures that can kill everyone for miles around, and maybe have. Even with this sci-fi twist, Stewart's portrayal is almost stunning in its realism. He probably deserves an Oscar too. So Logan is obviously grim and somber, but not to the point of being overwhelming. Believe it or not this movie actually has a sense of humor, albeit subdued and rather dark. And rather than a maudlin tearjerker or a brooding emo-fest (like a certain other superhero blockbuster) it feels like an elegy to what might have been. Throughout it there's a profound sense that something went very, very wrong at some point, and that ever since the people in this film have barely gotten by, surviving among the remnants of their shattered dreams. On some level this could be an allegory for rust belt America.But of course, this isn't just a brooding meditation or intimate personal drama; it's a hard-boiled action movie too. And Logan takes just the right balance between these elements. The slower sections, in which the story unfolds and characters develop, mostly retain enough suspense to keep the film from dragging. And the action scenes are frequent and long enough to deliver thrills and keep things moving, but not to the point of becoming boring or repetitive. Plus they're really good. The fights are fast paced, expertly shot, and brutally visceral. The gore is a bit less than in DeadPool or Django, but there's still plenty of severed limbs and skewered heads. I particularly enjoyed the car chase battle, which was more than a bit reminiscent of Mad Max. And the final battle against Weapon X's latest creation was impressive in its brutality and sense of desperation. But the best fights are the ones with the girl.The young Dafne Keen is captivating and downright awesome as a younger, Mexican version of X-23. When we meet her she's shy and unassuming, but when things get hot she turns into a whirling dynamo of claws and feral energy. Seeing her lung, flip, and hack her way through dozens of opponents, latching on to larger enemies and stabbing them again and again like a homicidal monkey, one feels awestruck and perhaps unstintingly amused by her athleticism and ferocity. It's like someone crossed Wolverine with Dora the Explorer, and it's absolutely brilliant.This doesn't mean Logan is perfect. The filmmakers could have cut about 10 to 15 minutes without losing anything, and I was a bit disappointed that they didn't come up with anything more creative for the final enemy. But these are minor qualms. On whole it's a brilliant and breathtaking twist on the genre, a graphic meditation on aging, masculinity, and the intertwined nature of heroism and violence. It's grim, gory, profane, and sometimes profound, and it's absolutely the sendoff that Wolverine- and the fans- deserve.
 Anthony C 	  This movie was sad but the best movie I have seen
 Eric P 	  superhero movies should be pg 13 but graphic novels should be r. this was so good because it was r. el wolverina was a mexican mutant that cut you up like carne asada. totally rad olle. next time you go to mexico that kid selling gum coild be a mutant chil.
 Martin P 	  Grim, graphically violent and brilliant, without question the best of all the x-men related movies... touching in places and a fitting end for several longstanding characters... a borderline perfect genre movie despite being the least "superhero" movie of the bunch... superb...
 Ray H 	  Totally awesome, everything you would expect from Hugh Jackman and Marvel.
 AW C 	  Logan is a bit jumbled, but still a solid sendoff for Jackman.
 Brian S 	  My bladder hasn't forgiven me for punishing it with such a long movie without a pee break, but it was SOOOOOO WORTH IT.
 Dan B 	  Stewart and Jackman are excellent, but the script? Not so great. You could drive a truck through the holes, and a lot of the characters are stock.
 Brian A 	  An R rated Wolverine western.. The best Wolverine yet, one of the best Marvel movies even. Great acting and frenetic action, entertaining while still having substance. Hugh certainly goes out with a bang. ~'?
 June E 	  Worst.Xman.Ever. I want my money back, and I was being treated! Not supposed to start, prpceed nor end like that for those three characters. Everybody dies? HOH
 Ben L 	  In general, all of the X-Men movies that I've seen have ranged from terrible to good, so I don't ever anticipate them like I do other Marvel super-hero films. In fact, I wasn't even sure that I cared to make the trip to the theater for Logan when it was originally announced. However, some great trailers changed my mind. I went from disinterest to excited quickly, and all the glowing reviews I read didn't hurt either. The film didn't quite live up to the hype, but it is one of the better X-Men franchise films. The best thing they did with Logan is work on establishing characters and not spending so much time getting lost in the X-Men mythos. There are a few subtle nods to the past through props and little lines that people deliver in the midst of other conversations, but no one ever takes time to explore everything that happened in the past. This is probably a good thing because the past of the X-Men films is quite confusing and full of paradoxes.What sold a lot of people on Logan is the fact that Wolverine was finally getting an R-rated film. It makes sense for a character who has knives on his hands to actually be shown cutting people which leads to blood. My concern was that they would just overuse the R-rating. Simply because they CAN include more violence, language, and sexuality doesn't mean they SHOULD. In the first part of this film they did exactly that. They overloaded with awkward and out of place F-bombs, and even made a point of getting some boobs in there. Later on they showed restraint and stuck to language and violence that was warranted by the plot instead of shoehorning it in like a middle-school kid who just learned a new curse word.The violence is worth talking about in Logan. It is gory at times, but effective. I thought there were several moments that it helped me feel the brutality of a fight, and also feel the pain that a character is suffering. I could have done with a lot less of it being handled through CGI, though. While the computer graphic artists have become quite good at making convincing effects, there are still moments where it looked artificial, and I hate when I can detect their work. A lot of this is hidden behind quick cuts and fast-moving cameras, so it was rarely something blatant that lasted long on the screen.The story in this movie is all focused on the 3 lead characters, but particularly Logan himself. Hugh Jackman delivers a strong performance and sells himself as the old man who doesn't have much gas left in the tank. Without spoiling anything, I'll just say that his performance is so convincing that it took a particular event for me to realize that he was acting and Hugh Jackman isn't really that old. Patrick Stewart is absolutely remarkable as an ancient Professor X, when the script isn't awkwardly shoving curse words into this mouth. He is a great guide and conscience in the film and plays a vital role along the way. The newcomer, Dafne Keen, is the third main character in the film. I think for a young actress she did quite well, and I connected with her a lot more than I expected. The villains were a bit underdeveloped, but I think they were simply meant as obstacles for our heroes. Besides, I kind of like villains who are evil simply because they love being evil, so I don't need a ton of time spent on their motivations.Logan is what some might call "deliberately paced" and what others would simply call "slow." They take their time working on motivations, relationships, and all that deeper stuff that your average superhero blockbuster would avoid. I appreciated all of that, but even among all the good stuff there was probably some areas where they could have trimmed it down to help with the pacing. Logan also takes advantage of a fair amount of metaphor (perhaps a bit too much) which you could argue takes it a step above the mindless films we usually get from the big studios. While there were a few aspects that I struggled with, I can't deny that the film was effective. It was deeply emotional, and there were a couple of scenes that were handled so perfectly I have to applaud the film-makers. Logan is worth a watch if you are looking for something a little different from the classic character.
 Rod H 	  Great ending for the Wolverine series.
 Doug C 	  Just to preface, I thought "The Wolverine" was one of the worst movies I've sat all the way through. I liked all the other X-Men movies. For Logan, I didn't identify with the story or the characters. I didn't care for the foul language or the political commentary. However, if you liked The Wolverine, you'll probably enjoy this movie.
 Darius D 	  Best Marvel movie I have seen
 Houssam A 	  A compelling, overlong, grown-up, 21st-century Western with a tinge of sci-fi. It's great. Sad ending...
 Brandi J 	  A must see movie if your a Wolverine fan
 Di V 	  Awesome ending for Wolverine...
 Andy G 	  Outstanding! Easily the best X-Men movie. Tremendous mix of action, blood, humor and emotion.
 Melissa G 	  Finally a real R-rated Wolverine movie!!! I enjoyed the story even if it veered off the path of the comics. Hugh Jackman was exceptional and really sparked up after 18 years in this role.
 Fake Facts T 	  Trailer looks awesome!!
 James H 	  Logan is a terrific superhero popcorn flick and even more. The perfect send off for Hugh Jackman and Patrick Stewart. The R rating helps it greatly, because of that there is better comedy and more violence which means enhanced action scenes. This might be Hugh Jackman's best performance as Logan and Patrick Stewart's best performance as professor X too. Boyd was great as the villain and the little girl was brilliant, considering the amount of lines she had. Which leads on to my only fault, Laura just starts speaking English all of a sudden just to fit the script and I didn't quite buy into that. Other than that, it was fantastic.
 Andrew O 	  Hugh Jackman brings the curtain down on his time as Wolverine with this terrific final installment.In the near future, a weary Logan cares for an ailing Professor X somewhere on the Mexican border. However, Logan's attempts to hide from the world and his legacy are upended when a young mutant arrives, pursued by dark forces.After 17 years of on screen berserker antics that have ranged from the good (X-Men, X2) to the bad (X-men Days of Future Past) to the downright ugly (X-men Origins: Wolverine) fans of the character have finally been given the film they always wanted. The violence on display here is staggering. Limbs are removed, Heads are stabbed, blood flows and f bombs are dropped. This puts most horror films to shame in the blood & gore department. But although the film has the violence the fans have craved it also has heart. Based loosely on the Old Man Logan storyline the film finds a broken Logan and a fragile Xavier hiding in Mexico in a desolate future where Mutants have been eradicated. Xavier is suffering from dementia and is prone to psychic outbursts that can injure hundreds (it's hinted that one of these attacks before this story had tragic consequences).The introduction of a young Mutant similar to Logan himself set these characters on a desperate journey that may finally bring Logan some purpose to his bruised and battered existence. Jackman is on fine form here. Logan is now extremely unwell slowly dying from something never explained, his healing factor not what it was. He takes a beating here and Jackman plays weary well.Patrick Stewart is again brilliant. Xavier is a desperate ailing man and his portrayal is moving infact so moving it may bring a few long time fans to tears.The villan has a good villan too in the shape of Boyd Holbrook. His character is both menacing and comedic and he acquits himself well. Kudos too to newcomer Dafne Keen as Laura the young mutant who is as lethal as the title character. As mentioned before the film is violent and has a number of thrilling action scenes with the climax really kicking ass.Director James Mangold & screenwriter Scott Frank deserve massive credit for finally doing a Wolverine film right and well done also to 20th Century Fox for having the gall to produce this. With Logan and the brilliant Deadpool last year they are quickly cornering the market for R rated comic book adaptations and doing something different to the MCU.This is a fitting swam song for the character and bloody comic book romp.It's sad that Jackman has hung up the claws after 17 years but wow what a way to finish.
 Mary F 	  A serious downer, but powerful. Wolverine, Professor X and a mutant tracker named Caliban are hiding out in Mexico when a mysterious woman confronts Wolverine pleading that he take her daughter to a mysterious place of refuge in Canada. All is not as it seems.... Not every movie that can be scored to Johnny Cash's most apocalyptic ballad, but it fit.
 Mario C 	  Cuando optas por hacer una buena pelcula, y te olvidas de hacer una pelcula taquillera, obtienes algo como "Logan". Hugh Jackman se despide de forma gloriosa de Wolverine, una espectacular manera de cerrar un ciclo. Definitivamente el mejor trabajo de Fox-Marvel.
 Allen G 	  What a great film. Well done!
 Joseph H 	  Logan is a comic book movie with difference feeling more like an indy westen drama than a large budget superhero film. Logan unapologetically violent and grimm and gut-wrenching ending that brought tears to my eyes
 Thiago C 	  What a fantastic final for the franchise. Violent? Yes. But groundbreaking for a super-hero movie since it shows a very down to earth kind of plot and development of characters.
 Auristela M 	  Great intro to the next generation!
 Naveen J 	  By far this is the best Wolverine movie ever. Pure Raw Animal like it should be. Too bad Hugh Jackman is quitting.
 Isla B 	  Think I need to watch it again.
 Gen G 	  Probably the best Marvels movie there is and is probably going to be the best movie this year as well in terms of actions as this film delivered a rare and unique plot that could potentially be the start of something even greater. Hugh Jackman's performance was perfection and the rest of the casts did an outstanding job at leaving the audience's jaws wide open. A sad and touching movie that Marvels rarely present. The story of a father and daughter's relationship that will leave you in tears. It's not just any Superhero movie, this R rated was about family, friends, struggles and hope. Can't wait to see all the awards for this magnificent movie at the end of the year. 10/105 StarsA Truly flawless movie.
 Judy N 	  I was all hyped up to see this movie because of the great reviews. What a disappointment! Walked away with so many unanswered questions. This is definitely a rental or better yet, wait for it to release on HBO.
 Dave P 	  Best #Wolverine movie ... #X-Men
 Michael D 	  Logan is one of the best superhero movies ever made. Speaking as a film fanatic who owns thousands of comic books, that isn't something that I would say lightly. It is both bewildering and stunning that this was made by the same director (James Mangold) that made The Wolverine. It's bewildering that the man was hired again and it's stunning that he made something this good. It would be like if Batman & Robin and Batman Begins were made by the same guy. The leap in quality is that big.  I use the term "superhero movie" here more for the sake of convenience than as an accurate description. This isn't a superhero movie in the traditional sense. In fact, it could easily be rewritten as a general action movie or even a western without any connections to the X-Men. I don't mean that in a negative way, rather just to illustrate that this stretches the genre in a way that is rarely seen outside of comics themselves. The plot is basically that of a road trip movie. Wolverine and Professor X are now shadows of their former selves and live in a near future (2029, I think) when all other mutants are gone and a new one hasn't been born in decades. That changes when they cross paths with a young girl (also known as X-23) that has powers oddly similar to those of Wolverine. They then embark on a trip to a rumored mutant sanctuary in North Dakota while being pursued by mercenary-types that want to get ahold of X-23. I am normally a stickler for plot continuity in franchise films, but this is actually a case where I find it refreshing that the movie couldn't seem to care less about that. Regardless of how you feel about the other X-Men/Wolverine films, we can likely agree that the continuity has become convoluted at this point. Hell, Deadpool even made a joke about it (Is it Stewart or McAvoy? Where are we in the timeline?). Logan gets around that by simply not giving a shit. It picks and chooses references to previous movies without concern for continuity, but rather with the sole intention of ensuring that this story works as a standalone film. That would usually irritate me, but it works here. And it pays off. The tone of this movie is perfect. Completely eschewing the more light-hearted adventures of the X-Men, Logan takes place in a bleak and brutally violent world that feels like a different universe from what came before it. If you watched the previous films and wished Wolverine could go berserk without the limitations of a PG-13 rating, then holy shit will you get your wish. Heads are chopped off, limbs fly everywhere and people are shot in the face. Characters that you think are safe are quickly eviscerated. However, it is not dark for the sake of being dark and this tone fits Wolverine (unlike, say, Superman or Fantastic Four). It isn't a cynical film, either. The violence and tone are required for this subject matter and develop organically; it isn't there because someone took an old Wolverine script and stuffed some extra violence in it. And even among the darkness and violence, there are some sweet and funny moments too. The characters are not mere cannon fodder; I actually cared when people died in this movie.  If the Academy Awards were actually about movies and not political causes, Hugh Jackman and Patrick Stewart would both be nominated for their performances. Jackman portrays Logan as a grizzled, burnt out man that has seen some shit and drowns his memories with whisky. It's an incredibly effective and often poignant performance that reminded me of Clint Eastwood in Unforgiven. Stewart gets some of the funniest lines in the film, but also brings an aura of sadness that permeates through the film. He plays a man that knows that he is on his last legs and wants to do something right to make up for his past. All of this is unusually heavy stuff for a comic book movie, but it works without feeling forced. Dafne Keen, the young girl that plays X-23, is also excellent. I don't think I've ever seen a pre-teen girl seem this intimidating and the physicality of the role is impressive. Hoping to see her career continue in the coming years.  If I have one gripe about the film, it's that the villains aren't particularly interesting or memorable. But the main characters are so well done that I don't really care. I have also heard some people nitpick about differences between the film and the comics. Those people need to let it go. Not everything in a comic can work on screen, for both artistic and logistical reasons, and even the best adaptations take liberties with the source material. I am not particularly knowledgeable about the X-Men comics, but I really can't imagine that being a huge issue unless you are just looking for something to bitch about. I expected to like this movie, but I didn't expect to like it this much. Even halfway through, I kept waiting for something to ruin it. Maybe a villain in a samurai mech suit would show up or Wolverine would get a comic relief sidekick. But no, none of that happened. It's both sad and irritating that this is (supposedly) the last ride for Jackman and Stewart in these roles, because it made me realize just how much better these movies could have been all along. But one great Wolverine movie is better than none and franchise swansongs don't get much better than this.
 Chuck H 	  This time you have to pay attention to the storyline since that's the whole reason for this movie
 S.D R 	  Hands down the best hero movie ever!! Well thought out! If you are a father. With a daughter. This movie will resonate with you. Seen it twice already and had tears both times. Someone in this movie has to win some awards..
 Javier S 	  Super violenta muy larga y muy deprimente, la historia de Logan ya todo jodido perdiendo sus poderes y viviendo en la ignominia .Personalmente no me gusto, y opin que si se merece la clasificacin solo para adultos, no fue una experiencia divertida y solo relativamente entretenida mucha gente si la disfrut
 Javier S 	  Super violenta muy larga y muy deprimente, la historia de Logan ya todo jodido perdiendo sus poderes y viviendo en la ignominia .Personalmente no me gusto, y opin que si se merece la clasificacin solo para adultos, no fue una experiencia divertida y solo relativamente entretenida mucha gente si la disfrut
 Grzechu M 	  The best Wolverine movie, that is perfect "goodbye" for Hugh Jackman. Has few minor mistakes, but it's still good. Dafne Keen is a great addition to Hugh Jackman and Patrick Stewart in this movie that focuses mostly on characters.
 Angela C 	  is the ends of the original mutants I didn't like the fact that they all die at the end but the movies have to end
 Tiger L 	  Extremely entertaining, intense, brutal, bloody, gory, violent, emotional, funny & the best X-men movie ever !!!!!!!! It's a FUCKIN' masterpiece. 10/10
 Tommy U 	  Great stand alone ????
 Paul H 	  Soooo great. I can't remember the last time a movie kept me on the edge of my seat as consistently. I was in a near constant state of worrying about what's going to happen next, something that I believe is the ultimate goal of good storytelling. Hugh Jackman has never been half as good as he is here, mixing pathos, anger and heroics effortlessly. There's an awful lot of bloody action, and it is calibrated perfectly - showing just enough gruesome detail to dramatize the serious the effects of violence, but never lingering too much. And it is mercifully free of the dreaded "shaky cam" and quick cuts of so many action films - the fight scenes maintain a proper sense of space and continuity, and frame the action wide enough so that we can always follow one move to the next. Seeing how much money and critical acclaim that "Logan" is garnering, I can only hope that other comic book films will learn from it.
 Nathan W 	  Incredible and deeply moving, Logan was for me, the best performance from Hugh Jackman and the best X-Movie I've seen to date.
 Ian N 	  Jackman, PERFECT! Just a tiny nic-pic, Villains (meh)
 Ray W 	  Hated to see The End in this story. Well done by the actors. The young actor did really a great job.
 Trevor L 	  Easily one of the best if not the best movie in the x-men universe. Great main characters and an outstanding send off to the franchise's biggest star Hugh Jackman. Only complaint that keeps this from perfect score are the fact that the villians were very weak. This is made up however by the excellent representation of the main characters.
 Manpreet S 	  well made! well ended! well played!
 Phillip  	  Several great scenes make this enjoyable and recommendable to everyone okay with bloody fight scenes, but its faults come from 1 dimensional villains and schlock side character mutant powers.
 RAYMOND B 	  Great ending to a long trillogy of Wolverine movies. The best send off for a super-hero.
 Arvin R 	  Action was spot on.. the daughter was a pleasant surprise.. I like tht they kept the character of wolverine constant.. always dissatisfied and angry... Nice...
 Alex K 	  2008's The Dark Knight Is My Second Favorite Film Of All Time.
 Andrew C 	  Probably the most dark and grounded superhero movie I've seen in a long time. If you're a Wolverine fan, this is a must see.
 Matthew B 	  Incredible ending to my favorite superhero.
 Josh P 	  SPOILERS Although Logan brings in new aspects with its new R rating by adding brutal violence and language throughout, Logan is a great movie with new aspects yet some bad and mediocre things throughout. Hugh Jackman's portrayal of Logan/Wolverine in this movie is his best yet by bring not just his sorrow and anger like other installments, but by bringing his level of tiredness and father like figure to new levels that we've never seen before. The CGI in this movie was pretty mediocre compared to other big budget action/superhero movies, with most of the CGI looking fake or just flat out weak compared to the other installments in the X-men franchise. Logan brings brutality like no other in this film, but what it lacks in is story telling. When we first get introduced to what the plot could be we are already about 30 minuets in, what we think is wrong with Logan during the movie is a number of things; he's either getting sick from the adamantium in his body, or he's still sick from what happened in the previous sequel The Wolverine with the squid in his lungs. Professor Xavier is also sick but does not get elaberated on; when the scientists comes and talks to Caliban the doctor asks if the professor has ALS implying he doesn't know and doesn't let us know if it is ALS or not. Also we find out that the X-men are gone what we think was just caused by government type agency's, but then find out the whole time it was professor X's fault. What did he do? He finally addresses this later in the movie, but by the time he's ready to say what happened they kill him off. Most of the R rated moments are uneccessary, many of the times Logan and the professor drop the F bomb they seem to be throwing at the audience hey look at us we're R now, and not really helping the film in any way. The movie doesn't seem to address the issue of being a sequel, you start the movie lost with the fact of what is going on whether it be if you have seen the other wolverine movies or not. Although Logan's brutal end is a spectacular one, there are many issues that need addressing with what the professors diease is, what Logan's disease is, and how the plot is all over the place in the first few moments. What the movie does well is bring closure to the 17 year legecy left behind with Hugh Jackman's best portrayal yet. Go see this movie just to see the end!
 arif s 	  If I have to define a perfect end, then this is it!! A complete film!! Full of emotions, fun and none other than HUGH JACKMAN!! What a movie!! It will bring u tears to say goodbye a legendary superhero!! Perfect story, best execution, incredible climax and unbelievable script!!! One of the best cast essemble in a superhero film!! Probably after dark knight, this is the best superhero movie till date!! It is really hard to say goodbye to u... yet we have to!! Best of the best!!
 Anthony B 	  Amazing, Go see it. Go.
 Melissa G 	  It was ok. Given the choice again, I would wait for DVD.
 Carl G 	  The movie was good. The villain and the girl were not.
 Paul M 	  Hugh Jackman first donned the Wolverine claws for the first X-Men film back in 2000. Seventeen years and nine appearances later, he has come to the end of his reign for playing the iconic comic book hero. Logan picks up in the year 2029 and we see him living in hiding under a new identity as a limo driver. The mutant population has practically been wiped out with Logan living a simple life in Mexico with old pal Charles Xavier (Stewart) and the albino mutant Caliban (Merchant). Both Logan and Charles have seen better days. Charles suffers multiple seizures and no longer has full control over his mind. Logan has been roughed up and beaten down so many times it has taken a toll on his body. His healing powers are not as fast as they once were making the recovery time after a battle long and arduous. He also can't seem to shake his drinking problem.He's approached by a nurse named Gabriella (Rodriguez) asking for help to take her and her daughter, Laura (Keen), to a remote location only known as Eden. As hard as Logan tries to ignore them, he finds himself caught up in their mess. Charles believes little Laura has gifted powers, and after an all-out brawl at their compound, Logan learns she is full of the same metal that fills his body. She was born in an experimental lab where mutant children were created to become killing machines. Logan and Charles find themselves on the run protecting this little girl from the authorities that are fast on her trail.It can be a bit hard to keep up in the lineage of two X-Men trilogies and a Wolverine trilogy. The other Wolverine movies were grave disappointments and X-Men: Apocalypse was overstuffed with characters and CGI to the point it ruined the set-up previously in place for that second trilogy. It was a relief to sit through Logan and realize that Jackman is ending his run on a high note. This film is not only the best in his standalone trilogy, but is one of the best of the nine movies. Director James Mangold, who also directed The Wolverine, keeps the movie as grounded in realism as possible. It's an added challenge, but one that ultimately works, when a director can morph the lore of the genre while keeping it in tangible and realistic society. He goes back to basics to remind us why we like this character. His fills his screenplay with great care fleshing out where these characters are at as we approach the end of their journey. I think naming it Logan showcases how Mangold is diving into the human side of him now, not just the X-Men mutant that he was once. He was a brutal independent tough guy with claws of steel. He still has that edge, but now we find him in the caretaker role to his mentor Charles and Laura. There is a strong family theme to this film that's been missing in the other Wolverine movies. It raises the stakes for these three characters as we see them potentially facing their end of days.Despite it being set in the near-future, Mangold feels inspired by the western genre to close out this iteration. There is the obvious desert wasteland setting, it's survival of the fittest mode, and the final epic showdown for our hero. He even uses Johnny Cash's "The Man Comes Around" to play during the closing credits. It's the perfect touch to define one of the most popular X-Men characters. Even if you've never seen any of the other entries, Logan has it's own standalone story. At the same time, Mangold keeps it in tune with what has come before for us geeks that have devoted seventeen years to the character. Charles and Logan reminisce about the old days detailing key moments in previous films. There's also the meta vibe in acknowledging the impact the X-Men had in society. Logan comes face to face with the Wolverine action figure in the full yellow suit and the comics that have been made detailing their adventures.Logan succeeds at never feeling bogged down in cheap CGI effects like some superhero movies tend to rely on. There are long bouts where the claws are kept in as Mangold focuses on the relationships between the three main characters. When the time comes for Logan's and Laura's claws, he goes full force. This film was given the creative license for a hard-R rating given the previous success of Deadpool. The violence and carnage is cranked up much higher than in the previous films. It feels appropriate given the nature of these characters and that it's the last movie. This is definitely NOT a kid's movie with the profanity and brutality at hand. It's especially jarring at times given the fact that the young girl is extremely ruthless.It's hard to imagine anyone else in the role of Wolverine, yet Jackman was the second choice. Dougray Scott was originally cast but had to back out due to scheduling conflicts with Mission Impossible II. Jackman brings out more layers to Logan than we have seen in any of the previous entries. His scenes with Patrick Stewart have a heartfelt father/son quality to them, which gives the film more weight as it progresses. You don't often find that in your standard superhero film. As a kid growing up watching the X-Men cartoons, Logan is the ending I was hoping for unlike X-Men: The Last Stand and X-Men: Apocalypse. The conclusion to a trilogy needs give a proper sendoff to characters we have come to love and root for. Logan does precisely that as I grew to really care about him as a person. Maybe I can revisit the other two in this trilogy with a better appreciation.Is It Worth Your Trip to the Movies? An extremely satisfying conclusion for such a beloved characterRATING: 4 out of 5 TICKET STUBS
 Imani B 	  One of the best marvel films yet
 Allen W 	  sorta boring and formulaic. violence, yes, but committed by children is too much for me
 ?? ? 	  good bye hugh jeckman...T.T
 Andrea T 	  Simply amazing. I was hooked on it the moment it started. The cinematography, the ambiance, the music, the action sequence, the screenplay, the whole thing!! I'd pay to see it again. Surely with this, we can close the book on Wolverine and begin anew with the new generation. For those who have yet to see it, I assure you, you will love it. It's of course not suitable for young ones due to the language and killings. But overall, a great movie.
 Paul J 	  definitely a true portrayal of the character but some plot holes and pacing prevent it from being perfect
 giles g 	  Expected more, no original thoughts. No real setup or contribution to Marvel storeyline. Acting was good and direction was fluid just writing.
 Purvesh K 	  Full action oriented movie. Don't watch with kids, lots of foul language and lots of brutal killing. Can watch on netflix or DVD
 Brian B 	  Average dialog, lame use of other kids powers, and wasted use of not one but two deaths of characters,
 ZENIYA S 	  ITS GOING TO Be A GOOD MOVIE
 Christina R 	  Hugh Jackman's performance through out the whole movie is what I look for from a superhero movie, as well as Dafne Keen's performance. Most child actors can be bad be she was amazing! The whole cast was an excellent fit together and it had just the right amount of action as well without forcing it into the story. This was the most natural comic book to movie character adaptation I've seen (equal with Deadpool but it's own thing because it's Logan's story).
 BJ G 	  Best comic movie EVER! I was pulled into this film from the start. High Jackman, Patrick Stewart AND Dafne Keen should definitely get awards for this film. All performances are worthy. Especially Dafne. Her performance eclipsed almost everyone on the screen with her. Absolutely awesome performance from the 11 year old. If you haven't seen this film...you ARE missing out on an experience.
 Romulo F 	  Logan is an exciting, intimate film that dissects a character from its protagonist and expands the concept of being a real hero - or the way of making a hero movie - and, more than that, brings a dignified farewell The character and the actor we learn to love every year. Hugh Jackman will be remembered for a long, long time.
 Angel R 	  WTF!?!?!?!? What a MOVIE!!!!!!! Better than expected with schocking outcomes!!!
 Krister T 	  A near perfect ending to logans story. Great, emotional and moving this movie shows that superhero movies don't have to be all action. If I'd point out one flaw, then Logans and Laura's relationship felt a bit rushed at the end. I would've loved it if this movie was a half hour longer or even 10 minutes so to really solidify their relationship.
 Kiki M 	  It's amazing movie a beautifully make, amazing action, amazing drama, amazing story everything is just soo amazing. Such a masterpiece for Hugh Jackman and all of other people who made that movie. A MUST WATCH MOVIE!!!
 Lana M 	  I liked it but I think X-men was better, logan was too slow and long! Didn't like the acting of the girl!! But great movie
 Bronwyn V 	  Amazing, raw, gritty and just what you want a Wolverine movie to be. Cast was amazing, Hugh and Patrick were awesome but with the introduction of Boyd Holbrook and Dafne Keen who with her facial expressions can say so much without uttering a word, made it even better. The story sucks you straight in and keeps you intrigued right to the bitter end
 Mohammad Y 	  A perfect ending for the perfect superhero. Logan: The Wolverine delivers a powerful entry and certainly the best on yet in the Mutant universe. The emotion delivered withing the movie is phenomenal and makes you really understand the struggle within each character. Also loved how a brief dialogue for Dafne Keen's character highlighted her entire struggle and made us fall in love with Laura (X-23). A strong bonding relationship between Logan and Charles suits perfectly for their final adventures, and the best thing about it was that it shows that both characters have been through A LOT. A masterpiece that will last forever in our memories. Thank you Hugh Jackman <3
 jordan W 	  horrible social justice propaganda piece. Once again Hollywood destroys treasured Americana. This will be the last movie I see in theaters.
 Nihal C 	  The end of an era! Always sad to let go of something that's been such a big part of your childhood ,or at least of mine. X-men has always been one of my favourite Marvel Comics and Charles-Xavier my favourite character ( Wolverine's a close second), I've always dreamt about going to the X-mansion (probably the only school I wouldn't want to burn to the ground) . As much as I cried my eyeballs out ,I loved every minute of it, as biased as one can be , my inner child is speaking and she's deeply scarred ( but in a good way ?) I couldn't give you an analystic perspective as this was more like an emotional farewell to an old dear friend . Reality is a bitch even in fiction. Finally , I believe both Jackman and Stewart needed to go out wih a bang since they've been playing the characters for over 17 years now, we finally got the wolverine film we deserve. Look on every exit as being an entrance somewhere else- Alpha Flight anyone? lol
 Raul G 	  Logan is my favorite rated R superhero movie, but the second act last about 10 mins too long
 David G 	  This is a cheaply produced, excessively gruesome, violence mess. It's a disgrace to the Xmen franchise unworthy of both Hugh Jackman and Patrick Stewart! Dont waste your money! And for crying out loud please dont take your children to this bloodbath!
 Jose P 	  Wow! These Movie Is by Far The Best Movie I have Seen These year, More like the Best Movie I have seen In the last 5 Years.
 Bagus A 	  Sadis tapi jg lembut
 Steven N 	  A final bloody and heartfelt look at a character that we've been loving for 17 years. I can't believe that we have to say goodbye. Best comic book ever? Possibly.The only gripe is that it only delivers it's punch as a conclusion to this saga. If you don't know the history between these guys, you aren't given enough info to develop attachment
 Zak E 	  I have never reviewed an movie on a app let alone created an account. I have created my account only to rate this movie ! Logan will go down as an all time classic, best X-men movie yet. This installment is exceptional 10/10 MUST SEE
 Jose R 	  Walker Dalton, this was an awesome movie! Finally! A movie that is closer (still missing a lot of aggression) to the Wolverine berserker mode! My only issue, is that after ALL the Professor & Logan (Lewitt) have been through in their lives, this is the way they were treated.
 Pronob B 	  Emotional rollercoaster for some and altogether an amazing movie. Best from the series and arguably best Marvel movie as well.
 Abdelrahman H 	  The film is so interesting , it was the first film in all X-men movies that played on dramatic strings , it's the best movie for wolverine I think but It isn't the best in X-men movies , the girl was so funny I was afraid from her and from her eyes , I think it's the best acting for hugh jackman in all X-men films the story is about logan and Charles when they are in 2024 , there will not be any veriables except logan , charles and caliban , logan won't find any reason from life except looking after Charles that Patrick Stewart played it so good and it was funny in many moments also ?? logan had to look after a girl but he refused , Charles saw that this girl can complete X-men series after that logan will find that this girl is his son , the film is really awesome and the ending is amazing and there is many funny moments in the film
 Juliano K 	  maybr i gettting too old. but it is a great (predictable) flick. that will be a new generation x movie ahead. but a great break through from the lame. immortal heroes style.
 Scott D 	  So, went and saw Logan and I have to say I am not happy. Yeah, Hugh Jackman was great as always (he will forever be Wolverine) and the fight scenes were as absolutely amazing as they were graphic. I can see how anyone not familiar with Wolverine from the comic would love this movie, but, any true X-Men and Wolverine fan will immediately notice that the story line is all wrong. Yes, I know that the Marvel universe is a multi-verse and that there are multiple story and time lines, but, if you are going to make a movie you need to stick to the mainstream universe for the story (for all you non comic book geeks that would be Earth-616). The most egregious deviation is X-23's origin. Spoiler alert - Laura Kinney, which by the way is her full name, is 100% a clone of Logan made from a sample of his DNA that had a damage Y chromosome and therefore they could only use the X chromosome and that is why she is female. There was no female DNA (i.e. mother of Mexican descent) used to create her. 100% test tube baby implanted in Dr. Sarah Kinney who gave birth to X-23. Laura was raised in the lab by Sarah, who she saw as her mother, not this Nurse Gonzales person. Sarah also helped X-23 escape from the "Facility" in NYC. Ironically, Laura ends up killing Sarah in a blind rage caused by the "trigger scent" that she has been conditioned to react to. Next, would be the fact that X-23 is not Hispanic, if anything she would be Canadian since that is what Logan is, nor does she ever speak Spanish in the comic books, though she does initially not speak very much. Also, she was a little older (by a couple of years) when she met Wolverine for the first time and new him for several years before he died, which was in a much different manner. She did come to see him as a father figure and was very protective of him. So, she is X-23 because she was the 23rd attempt at cloning Wolverine (the prior 22 were male and failed experiments) not because there were 22 other children. I am not saying that the "Facility" didn't clone other mutants but that is not how she became to be known as X-23. There was a X-24 through X-50 attempted latter on but Laura killed all those before they ever left the lab. So, not the last thing wrong with the movie, but, the last one I will mention and that is - Xavier should not be there. In the Earth-616 universe he was killed by Scott Summers a.k.a. Cyclops a little over 4 years ago when Cyclops was possessed by the Phoenix Force. Mind you, comic books are like soap operas, they kill characters off all the time to miraculously bring them back from the dead. I am glad they made this an R rated movie because Wolverine, like Deadpool, is definitely not a PG-13 character but as I said earlier this is a great film if you didn't already know the story. Deadpool was much truer to the comic and therefore in my opinion much better.
 Kendrick F 	  Hugh Jackman's final bout as Wolverine is a fantastic end to a legacy. Wolverine finally is portrayed with the force in brutality he deserves.
 Simone W 	  Who the hell is rating these films?This movie was boring for the first 1/2 hour, OK for the next 45 mins, and WTH for the final hour. This is not only the worst of all the Wolverine movies, but also of the X-men franchise as well, in my opinion. Sure there was action, but even though the movie was long, parts of it made little sense, and other parts were predictable. At some point I thought, "isn't this done yet?!! And I wasn't the only one! When it finally ended, I heard quite a few mumblings of "what a piece of crap!", and "what the hell man!" I'm not recommending this movie, but if you still decide to see it, MANAGE your expectations and prepare to be irritated when it's over.
 Greg M 	  Amazing movie. Much better than Deadpool.
 Torion O 	  Good story with violence.
 Matt C 	  I seem to be "that guy" that, in almost every instance, isn't as impressed with comic book/superhero movies than the general public. It makes me feel like a pretentious tool a lot of times; why can't I just enjoy stuff? Then, every once in a long while, movies like Logan come around and prove that the synthesis of high-octane action and storytelling with a sense of depth is entirely possible and does exist. This is a movie that has a ton of moments between its characters that are tender and sad in equal measure, a majority of times without being blatant. Not quite all of it sticks the landing one hundred percent, but it's all very admirable in content and artistry and makes for a worthy swan song to Hugh Jackman's Wolverine. It's 2029 and the mutants are on the verge of extinction. Logan (Jackman) works as an Uber-type driver and drinks and pops pills in his spare time when he isn't crossing the border into Mexico in order to take care of Charles Xavier (Patrick Stewart), who lives with Caliban (Stephen Merchant) in a run-down farmhouse. One day a bio-technician for Alkali-Transigen named Gabriela (Elizabeth Rodriguez) requests that her young, silent mutant daughter Laura (Dafne Keen) be escorted to a place in North Dakota dubbed "Eden" while in pursuit by those trying to hunt down the remaining mutants. This film is much of a western in terms of both the simplicity of the story and Jackman's grizzled lead, but the inspirations of the genre extend past that and past the locales and into utilizing similar tones and themes. There's even a scene in which Logan, Laura, and Xavier watch Shane together. Director James Mangold, who co-wrote the script with Scott Frank and Michael Green, makes the tone of the movie the most important aspect, and I appreciate the hell out of that. The script combined with his direction allows for scenes of silence--of reflection and longing--to speak more than the dialogue does. The quiet moments are arguably the loudest and most human, and the movie also knows when to inject just enough humor to maintain the dynamic between the characters in more than just one way. One can't go without mentioning how, thanks to the success of Deadpool, this movie is rated R. The action is brutal with slashing, stabbing, blood-letting, and at least one decapitation, but it isn't gratuitous. The movie's content is motivated and since the movie is slower than most other movies within the genre, the R rating feels like it gives more of an impression of realism, often in the form of cussing in addition to realistic injury detail. There is one scene of brief nudity from some random woman that felt unnecessary and cynical, though, as if the filmmakers or studio executives were ticking a box in terms of the content that they were allowed to include. I said in the opening that the movie doesn't work completely at all times, but it is consistently admirable in its approach to the character and wrapping up his arc. The movie seemed to be a bit underwhelming towards the third act in what it does with the character of Laura, and the finale wasn't as lengthy as I would have hoped. Again, it's consistent in how it follows the rest of the movie both narratively and tonally, and it does end on a strong note. However, some aspects felt a little quick to me. There's also the issue of the movie taking place in 2029 but every single piece of technology being exactly as it is nowadays, ranging from phones to chargers to TVs to remotes to cars to... everything. In a few locations it felt warranted, but it was distracting every time someone pulled out a device and accidentally dated a movie that just came out. Overall, Logan is a great movie and, speaking a person that doesn't have a vested interest in the character or the X-Men mythology as a whole, I was thoroughly engaged. The directions that Mangold and company decided to take the movie make it feel more mature than comparable fare, with pathos and a sense of finality in a majority of scenes. It's one of those blockbusters that's entertaining and has a notable amount of artistry, and although this comparison has been wrung out to death over the past nine years, comparisons to The Dark Knight are generally earned. 8.5/10, great, B+, definitely above average, etc.
 Celest U 	  Going to see it again this weekend.
 Stone%20 K 	  Overhyped. While entertaining it IS the Wolverine movie we've been waiting for but with a boring/predictable antagonist and no solid foe for Logan (which btw no one calls him since he goes by his real name in the comics) to fight it's nothing more than a road trip with a melancholy ending. This is Little Miss Sunshine with the gore of Saw; just because a movie doesn't suck doesn't make it great. Logan is meh.
 Grampa Gerald E 	  If it had been any slower I'd have slipped into a coma. Sad end to an otherwise great character.
 tyanna H 	  I rlly want to see this movie
 Mauricio P 	  Una de las mejores de la franquicia y la mejor pelcula de Wolverine en solitario sin duda alguna.
 John R 	  Great close to Wolverine, best of the series.
 Nolan M 	  Logan is without a doubt, the greatest Marvel related movie I've ever seen. Absolutely amazing in every way. 10/10 or 5/5 on here :)
 Callum S 	  Brutal action. Engaging story. In my opinion the best superhero movie I've ever seen.
 Damon R 	  This is what The Wolverine should have been. Rated R. I loved it.
 Angger R 	  a tragically beautiful movie
 Joe W 	  From not being impressed with the previous films, I must say that "Logan" was an awesome Marvel installment. When I first heard about this movie being released I felt a bit skeptical about it, since the other films in the Wolverine franchise were not great at all, but it really made a HUGE comeback. I can for sure see what this one was rated R, all that bloody violence and profanity, but that is what made this film so powerful. It had a darker perspective to it, and I liked that. This film deserves a 10/10, hands down. It is definitely going on my Top 10 movie list this year.
 Jose P 	  Great action but slow at times, feels like a western
 Sean F 	  I'm not sure why this movie is receiving positive reviews. the writing, acting, and general story is nothing more than a run of the mile comic book movie with a lot ( a lot) more cursing.
 Todd B 	  Can I give this movie 6 stars? Simply put, Logan is the movie Wolverine fans have been waiting for. Raw, gritty, think Mutant Massacre on the big screen kinda action. Best comic book movie YET!
 M Q 	  GREAT ACTION MOVIE SCENES BUT LOVE THE SENSITIVITY OF WOLVERINE...... HATE THE FACT THAT HE DIED.....
 steven n 	  I can't believe how good this is. Best comic book movie ever?
 Sunny A 	  all I can say is I hope you don't quit making wolverine because NO ONE will be able to do what you do. this was amazing as always.
 Martha D 	  I thought Logan was really disappointing. Hugh Jackman and Patrick Stuart are wonderful; however it seemed they tried to fit as much gore as possible in this film which took away from the story. It was kind of hard to follow and would have been more interesting if they toned down the slaughterhouse and paid more attention to the plot.
 John S 	  Too much violence too much swearing. 20 minutes of story 2 hours of graphic violence
 Brian C 	  A really nice, quiet, character-focused movie ... punctuated by periods of extreme violence. Seriously, they lean hard into the R rating. But the action sequences are great. The acting is amazing from all the main people, and it's just a really, really well done movie.
 Niki L 	  Good movie, but the 2 things that made me mad was they didn't have anything at the end as in every marvels film and Stan Lee didn't show up.
 Makoy M 	  Hugh Jackman's best and final performance as Logan proves that the superhero movie genre can be gritty yet thoughtful. Intense action as what you would expect in a Wolverine movie plus it's very emotional. The setting and atmosphere is what I love about the movie: character-driven and story's solely focused on main characters. 10/10, would watch a Laura spin-off.
 Todd G 	  excellent storytelling, faithful and true to Marvel at its best
 Maxwell S 	  This movie was amazing. Best X - Men movie by far. Better than X - Men, X - Men: Days of Future Past, The Wolverine Etc. Very emotional and is a very good farewell to Hugh Jackman's Character, The Wolverine. (SPOILER WARNING!!)At the last battle where Logan is dying, I could never figure out what it meant when he said,"so this is what it feels like." Could that mean he was feeling what life felt like (as Professor X said before his death) or that he finally felt what death felt like? Did the directors want this to happen and leave the audience wondering?
 Mike A 	  Wow! This is what a Wolverine movie should be. It's gritty and full of intense drama. Not your typical comic book movie. Powerhouse performances from Hugh Jackman and Patrick Stewart....award worthy performances. If you haven't seen the other x men movies you can still watch this without being confused, though having watched them tells the story a little better.
 William L 	  great movie! a little long! But very enjoyable!
 Angel D 	  besides the little girl doing her thing, this movie was lame
 Beeksie C 	  It's not really a Western as so many have parroted as told by the pres notes provided by the studio. Fact is, it IS *inspired* by Westerns, but the movie itself is more of a character study, like some of your indie movies or, if you think about it, the first Iron Man movie (aside from the final act, that movie is mostly a guy in a room talking to himself; sometimes the room is a cave, sometimes it's a garage, but it's just a guy in a room).That said, if you approach it expecting a quiet character study that happens to have a couple of superheroish moments, rather than a Western missing some of that genres most important aspects, the movie is much, much better.It is indeed the Wolverine movie fans have wanted, but folks not into the X-Men or into superheroes -- but are OK with some extreme violence -- will probably enjoy it as well.
 Shilo M 	  Was interesting see a r rated xmen flick, but was choppy, dragged on, and predictable
 Anderson F 	  Volta e mais uma palavrinha s basta pra partir a gente em dois...
 Adrian J 	  If your a fan & enjoyed the last one then the chances are you'll enjoy thisHowever this is not a stand alone film,Story very simplistic & characters a tad flat,Nothing new here Good acting from all leads though
 JIM R 	  One of the most boring movies I ever saw. About 1/2 the movie is spent driving in a car. Then there is about 30 minutes of just gore. Probably 10 decapitations and 20 guys who get the forks from the chin to the top of the head. I would guess you see at least 500 killings in this movie. Big yuck, no chemistry between any of the 3 stars.
 Jake W 	  For as long as I've been thinking about Logan, the love I have for the film has only increased. From Dafne Keen stealing the show, to the emotional combo of Stewart & Jackman... I can't stop thinkin' about this movie.
 A.j. M 	  Logan is an actual film not simply a super hero movie. Character depth and emotion the film is carried by the end of an era and the genesis of another. I did not expect this movie to be so visceral.
 Charles C 	  Hugh Jackman and Patrick Stewart pull off a great final X-Men movie. The only problem is you walk away with a since that you have missed something. They try to explain about the time gap but seem to fall short. Still this is a movie worth seeing in my opinion!
 Joseph V 	  Fantastic movie. Could watch this over and over again.
 Martin W 	  As good as it gets for this genre.
 Benjamin C 	  Amazing movie ! Not just another super hero film.
 Anuj R 	  James Mangold's "Logan" is a true masterpiece of the comic book genre, a film that pushes boundaries and feeling like it's combining the style and moment-driven beauty of a Zack Snyder film and the story-driven passion of a Chris Nolan picture. An emotional roller-coaster with intense but grounded action, that's the polar opposite of what Fox gave us with "Deadpool". Dafne Keen gives the strongest performance seen on screen by a child since "Looper" and is more than a match for her counterparts Jackman and Stewart, stealing almost every scene she's in. As for Patrick Stewart and Hugh Jackman's performances you get everything you expect and more from actors who have had 17 years of being their characters. It's passionate, precise, emotional, and timeless - leaving their stamp on the silver screen thanks to the writing team of Mangold, Scott Frank, and Michael Green. Wonderfully edited- which has seemed to be a problem lately for these types of films- the structural editing seems flawless, constantly keeping the viewer locked into each scene, keeping you aware of where you are, who is involved, and everyone's emotions. This film easily is the best looking film (both colour-wise and in the flow of edits) that Marvel studio has released since "Spider-Man 2". All these combined with an incredibly enticing and fresh score from Marco Beltrami help push this movie towards to my bold claim.  This is the best comic book/superhero film, dethroning "The Dark Knight". Combining aspects from all the greats like "Spider Man 2", "The Dark Knight", "Watchmen", and with great craftsmanship, this is the story Mangold wanted to tell of the brutal rebel who's been here for too long and through way too much because of humanity, Logan. No longer "The Wolverine" - just Logan.
 Eduardo R 	  'Logan' is THE superhero movie I've been waiting for.
 james s 	  Great final outing for Hugh Jackman
 pete a 	  I liked this movie. Glad it wasn't just your typical superhero movie.
 Edward J 	  Any criticisms I have (runtime, mainly) are merely scratches on what is a solid core. It's a slow-burning, violent, pseudo-western, and a fitting conclusion for the character. For now, anyway.
 Luis R 	  The best wolverine movie ever!! Sad to see it come to an end...
 Carlos H 	  Love this film, I personally have this movie over the Dark Knight
 Alan D 	  One of the best superhero films ever made. A must watch.
 Jack W 	  Fox gives us another refreshing entry into the Comic Book movie genre this time with an emotional character piece with an independent feel to it.
 Dave B 	  Ultra violent, pretty gory, X men for grown ups. A few great performances and an interesting story
 Stan G 	  The Very Best X Men Ever, A Fitting End to The Saga,Sorry to See My Hero's That Way.
 Paul S 	  Very much a gritty, realistic film. Very different from the rest of the franchise. Great Work!
 Sakib H 	  everyone should watch this movie..
 Elijah L 	  perfect movie, right up there with TDK
 Ian G 	  Not to sound too cliche but Logan is the Wolverine film that a lot of fans of the character has been waiting for. Taking its direction from the Old Man Logan comics, the audience jump into the proceedings in a time where the mutants are all but wiped out with Logan and the Professor along with their tracker Caliban the sole survivors of whatever has killed the mutant race off (it is suggested that it may in fact have been the professor himself during the Winchester incident which is never fully described, just mentioned several times to imply that). On the run due to the Professor's dwindling health due to the onset of parkinsons making his telepathic seizures almost WMD like, they are hoping to make it to the ocean where he cannot harm anyone before a former nurse catches up to them with a little girl in tow who happens to be the result of a genetic experiment essentially making her Logan's biological daughter, claws and berserker rage and all.the film plays out as a old school western with genre elements in play, being the existence of mutants and the Reapers which are the protagonists on the heroes tail, part man and part machine, and the proceedings are done as grounded as possible to make the action scenes as brutal as possible. Blood is flying and the wounds that X23 and Logan deliver are very much seen and felt, this is going to make a lot of fans very satisfied. But what makes the film really work is the fact that Dafne Keen, the little girl who plays X23 is a very deft young performer, really selling her performances physicality since it is pretty demanding, and also sells the fact she is essentially a mute for th8e first half of the film before just developing a great bond with Jackman in the last half of the film bilingually no less. The fact she holds her own so well really sells the climax of the film to help Jackman go out with a band. A slam dunk first hit of the year no qualms about it :)
 John M 	  This is the best film in the franchise, the best of Wolverine and it will probably be the best of the year.
 Don M 	  Go see it, no need to say more!!!
 Jesse A 	  Good, solid film. With little to no faults (depending on who you are talking to). Strong end to a long running take on a character and nice lead in to a future franchise that will likely never happen.  The R rating was nice to see for a comic movie, though the specifically R rated content itself felt more contrived than it did for Deadpool. Which is comparable only in that it's the only other comic movie of this generation to be what it is with such a rating.  Some have had complaints about the lack of exposition as to where the other mutants went.. how they died ect., also, it isn't entirely clear which X-men story continuity it belongs in. Neither of these things bother me. and it shouldn't bother you either..
 Andrew K 	  About X-man Hugh Jackman play Logan old Hugh Jackman is have daughter in Person Logan is Farther and her Daughter
 Gael C 	  Finally!!!!! A wolverine movie that is good from beginning to end. Great photography, great directing, wonderful performance by the main cast and a highly emotional and well rounded script. The first wolverine movie is awful. The second would've been great if it wasn't for the ending. LOGAN finally understands what makes this character a fan favorite. And thanks to deadpool they were able to go all out violent in the right way. There are very few problems in this movie. The one thing that kinda bothered is the fact that the Reaver are not really as threatening as they look. They all have cybernetic limbs that don't really seem to have any relevance to the story. Besides that, I can't really think of anything that made lose focus on the story. This is definitely one of the best X-Men movies ever made.
 Brennan C 	  "This was the best interpretation of a comic book character I've ever seen seen on film"
 Duke H 	  The best Wolverine movie so far. But is this his last ? No one can replace Jackman as Wolverine. It's an action packed movie. More realistic than any other super hero movies. The storyline made this movie great. Well written for the exit of Logan and intro for Laura.A must watch movie for X-Men fans.
 David F 	  #1 comic book movie of all time.
 Sharon S 	  Pretty poor for a non X-Men fan. I went to see this as a standalone film having not seen any of the other movies and I found it too long and rather boring. The best bits are in the trailer, the rest of the film is just padding. Could have easily left after the 1st hour (which dragged).
 Elsa E 	  Outstanding... Worth watching.... Just few words of lifetime lesson to daughter... Incredible...Charles and Logan were fighting like couples... Funny indeed...
 Ulises R 	  The pinnacle of comic book movies thus far!!!
 Ian B 	  This was by far the best Marvel movie, and it had true gritty and emotional depth. However, it is by no means in comparison with The Dark Knight. It's good, but it is not the best of the super hero genre.
 John W 	  Hugh Jackman delivers a captivating performance in his last time to portray Wolverine. This movie takes you in a direction that the previous x-men movies have never done before. Logan focuses on characters over a great action spectacle which it still accomplishes. With that combination you can get invested into these characters but also jump out of your seat during the much needed rated-R action scenes. Deserves to be in consideration for one of the best action movies not just a comic book movie.
 Ferio R 	  This is THE superhero film that I didn't even fully realize that I was waiting for.
 Chris R 	  One of the best x men movies out there and best marvel movie
 Bill R 	  to classify this as just another comic book movie would be wrong. From watching the first trailer, I knew it looked different and it was. The realistic and more human portion of movies shines through here more so then some of the average movies that come out. A complete character driven movie that shows how a movie in general should be made. It is brutal and I loved every minute of it, it's honestly the Wolverine movie that we should have been given to begin with.
 Mike M 	  This is the movie I have waited for a long time out of Marvel and it didn't disappoint one bit. The story line is very well done and the overall feel of the movie is must watch.
 Ben S 	  Amazing! You have to go see this movie.
 Matthew R 	  Great way to end an era.
 Steven B 	  The Old Geezers Who Go To The Matinee Alone were, like me, a bit disappointed that this was a different kind of X Men movie. Only Professor X and Logan (Wolverine) from the other movies here. . .especially disappointing is no Jennifer Lawrence as Mystique. But this is a ver different kind of X Men movie. Logan has gone back to his old habits of drugs and booze and Professor X seems to be in the early stage of dementia. There is a new generation of mutants, but they are constructed for the military and not springing up on their own. There lies the plot because the military wants these escaped X kids back and one of them seems to be a sort of clone of Logan. While there is mayhem aplenty here, the major issue is Logan trying to come grips with his own role in this. Hugh Jackman is still ripped, if a bit worn down and Dafne Keen as his young offspring is just terrific. No spoilers here but there is no hidden scene in the credits so this might be the last X Men movie or the start of a new franchise. Anyway except for the absence of Jennifer Lawrence in the Mystique body suit this will be a good addition to the X Men universe. Lots of rather graphic and bloody violence but this actually has a story and involves a good deal of actual acting. Recommended.
 Prateik M 	  A perfect tribute to one of the most perfect character portrayals (lasting all of 17 years) done phenomenally well by Jackman himself (wouldn't have had it any other way)!An absolutely gory but tragic tearjerker of a film!The movie Wolverine deserves!
 Alex H 	  All good things must come to and end and Hugh Jackman's portrayal of James "Logan" Howlett aka Wolverine is now at it's finale. But does it live up to the body of work Jackman has put into the character? Kinda. James Mangold helms the behemoth task of sending off one of the most prolific comic book movie characters of all time and does so with style, grit and vigour. The plot is simple and is condensed into essentially a road movie but with a dark cloud looming over each characters heads. Newcomer Dafne Keen who plays Laura the new mutant that Professor X and Wolverine ferry on this road trip to safety steals every scene of the film she's included in and sometimes outshines veteran Jackman in gruesome and bloody action sequences that are filmed with finesse. Patrick Stewart returns as Professor X with a sense of fragility, humility and sympathy we've never quite seen. Shots are gorgeous, sun soaked and vast and evoke sense of openness that juxtaposes danger and freedom that only really a film from a western genre can accomplish. However, this is not a film without it's faults. This is by far the best Hugh Jackman acting we've ever seen in a X-Men movie, however it is not the best Wolverine performance in an X-Men movie. That title still is reserved for the best of the bunch X-2. Stephen Merchant never quite settled for me and I couldn't quite engage with the tone he was going for and as per, with most superhero movies, the villain is rather bland. Thirdly, the almost meta texture of having X-Men comics as a plot device in the movie didn't quite work for me while I do understand its use and placement. Lastly, a reveal in the 2nd act made me audibly groan because of the heavy handedness of the metaphor but only really because it felt very very unoriginal in the context of the X-men cannon and felt I've seen this before. No matter how you dress the film up, Logan is still very much a superhero movie with all of the tropes and genre cliches you have come to expect. What Logan can be commended for is for being incredibly dour and be so drenched in dread for the majority of its 135 min run time and not for a second be boring or un-engaging. The heartfelt and emotional finale is a great send off to one of the most beloved movie characters of the last 15+ years and if this is to be Jackman's last turn as the iconic Wolverine; he's done the film justice by devoting his entire body, mind and dedication to the character. Snikt snikt. 3.5/5
 Puvith K 	  Best hero movie ever
 Patrik H 	  Honestly guys, i liked it so much. Even my girlfriend cried at the end, so it really must have touched her heart.
 Joseph J 	  This movie was thrilling to watch, several decapitations, but everyone knows thats what we wanted to see. This movie truly makes up for the first film.
 Dave V 	  Good writing and acting. The action is unremarkable and thus a bit tiring.
 Tevi S 	  The best of the series, but still something is missing along the way..
 Matt G 	  2013's Wolverine saw Jackman's clawed curmudgeon join forces with Hollywood-heavyweight Mangold for some brooding fun that was decidedly more down-to-earth. Back together for Logan, Mangold has not only kept his distinct strengths of tone and combat, but has ramped up the quality & gravitas rarely seen in a blockbuster. In one of the most brutally and beautifully made superhero films of all-time, Logan gives audiences an experience full of gasps, laughs, and thrills...& buckets of blood.Taking place in the near-future, we find our invincible anti-hero trying to live a quiet life, driving a limo, and taking care of his dangerously senile father-figure Xavier; yet his world is far from boring, especially when a girl with familiar powers appears. The emotional anchor here is the Logan / Charles relationship; watching them deal with weakening bones, a changing world and oncoming dementia is powerfully relatable. However, the action is far from dormant. Keen is a fantastic mutant newcomer, grunting and fighting in ways that Logan himself doesn't have the virility for anymore. Instead, he lumbers through his fights with vicious intensity and careless selflessness. And when I say "vicious", I mean "vicious"; this is NOT your kids X-Men. The R-rated door Deadpool knocked down has allowed Logan to violently dance on the other side. If you've ever felt like Wolverine's claws and fury felt neutered in a PG-13 world, fear no more. However, the violence is to a purpose; we're shown the difficult effects in honest and effective ways, especially in the jarring use of children. All-in-all, it's a perfect send-off for one of the most successful character / actor collaborations in movie history, and is far-and-away the greatest X-Men film yet.
 Dan A 	  Poor. If this is the best idea they could come up with to end Hugh Jackman's tenure as Wolverine, I suggest the studio hire better writers. It's incredibly bloated, features MANY annoying children, and has perhaps the laziest set of villains I've ever seen in a superhero film (and that's fucking saying something)
 Andres V 	  Muy bien que den paso a una nueva generacin de X-Men pero 135 minutos para contar esta historia de tres viejos mutantes, al mejor estilo Mel Gibson, donde la sangre no para de fluir y termina hartando y aburriendo, no tiene presentacin. La idea central de la historia es buena pero no sustenta la pelcula y por ms amor al Wolverine es aburrida.
 Stephen B 	  this was a good story not as much action as the normal x men films but interesting
 Daniel A 	  So I know im going to get disagreement on this but I review movies based on alot of factors. Fist the story is a good story but doesnt really keep you guessing at all. So there is no mystery which is what makes a movie great. Its set in 2028 which is only seen in a few parts of the story. The building and tech dont really show that. I feel it was a little rushed because a ton of details are missing. I wanted less blood and gore and more mutant powers. The ending is not very exciting and really has no reward as you can predict it from the start of the film. So for me its a 4 because its entertaining, the story line is nice, and some of the scenes are touching.
 Olavo J 	  The best Marvel Movie isn't from Marvel... Logan is phenomenal! 10 outta 10!
 Carlos%20 S 	  Impresionante, algo distinto a lo que solemos ver en la categora. Gran actuacin de Hugh.
 Carl L 	  Best Marvel movie EVER.
 Carl N 	  Hold on to your bubs.UPDATE UPDATE: I've seen this 3x now and it just keeps getting better. Also, I changed my original 4.5 star rating to 5 stars. It's now my 2nd favorite comic character movie of all time.UPDATE: I've now seen this twice and with less distractions and more focus it cut deeper the 2nd time. I really wish I could give this a 4.9 / 5!
 Jeff H 	  It was a fun popcorn flick, but not a great movie
 Edward F 	  one star onlyBoring, trivial, illogical12 mutant kiss being chased through the woods by para-militaries and only 3 use their skills? No wayWho knew Wolverine was a Christian?And both Hugh Jackman and Wolverine are past their sell-by dates
 John R 	  This isn't a good superhero movie. This isn't a good summer blockbuster. This is a good period! Haven't seen a superhero film that transcends the superhero genre like this since The Dark Knight and it's now one of my favs. Though it does seem to take elements from The Last of Us, it still manages to stand out in its own right. Characters you can connect with, emotion, and flawless acting from the whole cast, Logan is a roller-coaster of feels that gives Wolverine an honorable farewell. Logan get's a solid 5/5! Wolverine, a true X-Men, now and forever, in life and death.
 Joel G 	  This movie made no sense. the writing was lazy. The characters lose abilities they've had for several years for reasons that make no sense. Mutants are gone with no explanation. Magneto, hulk, Spider-Man apparently killed by men made of metal. but same men can't catch a little girl.
 javier V 	  This is possibly one of the best X-men movies that you'll see in your lifetime. The movie delivers all the perks you could want, including great action, amazing characters, even letting you shed a tear or two. Not only does this movie say goodbye to Hugh Jackman playing the iconic and famous role of the wolverine, but it gives us a good taste of a new bread of X-Men. This movie deserves nothing less than a four star rating.
 Mark D 	  Best superhero/movie of all time
 Jamison K 	  Finally a Wolverine movie that gets to the essence of why we read his comics. Gritty, witty, gory, with a great storyline. There are continuity errors vs the comic book, but avg Joe wont know so overall its a great film
 Bukola S 	  Great movie! Reminded me of the first time I saw terminator II.
 Chad B 	  Logan is a hauntingly beautiful film, that many moviegoers will end up seeing twice. The acting is as good as its been since Heath Ledger played the joker. The fight scenes are choreographed and filmed very well. Each battle making sure its unique from the previous with the finale one possibly being the most fun. The best part of the film maybe the acting in between these pieces as the characters deal with the reality that they live in. Essentially the mutants are gone and the war is over, they have lost. Now we watch once great figures deal with their aging life in defeat. For anyone who has been waiting for a violent R rated wolverine, this movie finally delivers. For anyone who has been waiting for great acting that isn't sacrificed for over the top CGI, this movie delivers. And for those who were craving both, you will probably leave the theater, as I did, thinking this movie deserves some Oscar attention.
 Jason C 	  Overall, I thought the movie was boring. I did not like the ending and the frequent use of the F word detracted from the movie and added nothing. I was ready to walkout of the movie and for me that says a lot considering how much I like the XMEN franchise.
 Daniel M 	  Intriguing film for the universe of X-men and wolverine.
 Daniel M 	  Intriguing film for the universe of X-men and wolverine.
 Deepen T 	  One of the best send offs to a great character. A must watch for all wolverine and x-men fans.
 Robbie M 	  Perhaps the best installment of this 17 year running franchise. This film is flat out great and a game changer in the comic book movie genre. Having the feel of a small budget indie film and class western, Logan earns it's R rating with its brutal violence that never feels forced. And if this is truly Hugh Jackman's final time as Logan, what a day to go out. Jackman delivers his best performance as Logan to date and straight up his best performance to date, worthy of Oscar consideration. Layered, emotionally powerful, Logan had me in tears by the end and it's something everyone should check out.
 ATview A 	  The best superhero movie since the time of the Dark Knight.
 Maximilian V 	  Logan Review:A chapter ends. And a new age of super hero movies is upon us. Hugh Jackman has played ol'wolvie for over 17 years now. A character he has had to restrain to keep him PG enough for younger viewers. It's charming. It's cute. And it's absolutely not why I fell in love with the character. Logan is his unshackling. Based off a popular comic story about old wolverine near the end of his days. Logan does not follow the Marvel route. It does not exactly follow the comics. It doesn't make wise cracks out of no where. It takes the Christopher Nolan approach. It adapts the material to tell a new, grounded story. I've seen it described elsewhere, but raw is a very apt description of this movie. From how unflinching it is in showing life has beaten and broken down our weary hero, just as much as it loves to show that his claws relish in playing a divorce attorney between bodies and limbs. And there is a lot. Logan while delivering a spectacle never forgets to remind you just how tired and fed up our heroes are. Through pains in their eyes, to outbursts of sorrow. It always makes you acutely aware of how our characters are feeling and how uncomfortable and exhausted they are with their situation. And it does it with such grace. Where some movies like Batman vs Superman use darkness as more of an image filter, Logan lives and breathes it. It's a fantastically unsettling world. The action, while maliciously wonderful in its brutality, never were for mere actions sake but instead worked for the story. A dark and melancholy super hero movie that takes itself seriously. And you take it seriously with no question.Hugh Jackman when he first appeared on screen back in 2000 set the standard for the fun spandex clad super hero. Young and free. Today as he retires the claws. He leaves a different legacy. He has grown up. He has matured. And in so doing. Shown the world that comic book movies are no longer just for summer fun. They, like him have grown up. They've put away their one liners and they've put away their CGI toys. The age of the serious comic book drama film has begun. I look forward to seeing Jackman's Oscar nomination in 2018 for Logan. He bloody well deserves it.
 Ed A 	  Arguably the best comic book movie... sorry Dark Knight
 Jonah R 	  Holy crap amzing freaking movie ive ever seen
 Amir Leo H 	  I couldn't.imagine better or stronger end of one era in comic history, neither passionate emotions than this movie. i was truly stunt and amazed. One of the best movie comic book ever.
 Kyle D 	  Logan is pretty bloody awesome. Wasn't expecting blood and gore. It really made the movie. Very happy it came to fruition. Instead of marvel treating the movie like a kids movie it is targeted towards adults. Suprized if it doesnt garner a R rating when it comes to dvd. Faces and heads ripped off kind of gory. The kind of gory I remember from 7even Brad Pitt and Morgan Freeman. Excellent veiwing.
 Railison V 	  The best film of the year, aHugh Jackman, was let any fan totally satisfied.And I left the wordless cinema, closed with a golden key.
 Collin C 	  I shed so many tears
 Annette H 	  No actual plot or story other than bad guys, good guys, car crashes, hack and slash and dust everywhere. I actually fell asleep for a few seconds. From what we could surmise, the actual point was to leave an entire pack of children mutants for future projects.
 Timesh S 	  A Masterpiece! Logan is by far the best superhero movie ever made.You will leave the cinema speechless.The acting from Hugh Jackman is the best of his career. Amazing acting, beautiful cinematography, perfect directing this is a movie worth watching. The superhero movie we deserve.
 Napzaza R 	  ???????? 5 ??? ??????????????!!!!
 HERBERT M 	  very good movie just, wish we would have gotten a better detailed ending.
 Zackary G 	  My only complaint is some of the pacing sucked. Otherwise, Hugh gives a ferocious, emotional performance. I hope the next Wolverine is a knockout, because Hugh got nothing but better with time, even in the bad movies (Origins, X3, and even his cameo in Apocalypse was great.) Stewart is the same way. To see such a broken down shadow of Professor X., the one man who was nothing but positive (but stern) in the OT of X-Men was heartbreaking. Dafne Keen got next to no dialogue, but she was excellent as well. Overall a very satisfying conclusion to Jackman's role in the X-Saga.
 Tanah M 	  Long amazing movie... a must watch
 Wisam N 	  Great film, a little sad about the end but the best Marvel movie by far.
 Dillon G 	  All I can say about "Logan" is.. wow. This is not your run-of-the-mill superhero movie. Aside from the obvious take-it-and-run use of its "R" Rating (gratuitous violence, lots of F-bombs, etc), "Logan" takes a page from "Deadpool", while simultaneously playing an orchestra on your heart strings.The story, which may start out on a confusing note (due to a lack of backstory and at least a few other unanswered questions) quickly turns into a captivating plot full of narrow escapes, beautiful cinematography, and bladed fistfuls of graphically intense fight scenes.I heard from multiple viewers that this film is one for the books. I'm glad I saw it - not only does it speak on philosophical levels, but I'd say it's guaranteed to touch you in a way no superhero movie has. And yes, I wept.
 Gary B 	  I love all things X-Men. But I absolutely hated this. I wish I could find one good thing to say about this horror movie to defend one of my favorite movie series, but really I can't. I just left early wishing I had done something more useful with my money,like maybe light a fire with it. Really, horible , just sad.
 Neil L 	  This is not your normal XMen movie and even darker than the previous Wolverine movies. No super villain here. Very brutal, violent movie that I found hard to watch at times. Seeing Logan and Charles struggling with age was very difficult - a testament to how good the actors were. Dafne Keen played an excellent role in this movie. Would recommended it but be ready for a brutal and gritty movie.
 Alex B 	  Meh. Bloody, violent and repetitive, and apart from Patrick Stewart's final portrayal of Charles Xavier, I didn't feel much engagement with any of the characters (though Richard E. Grant's character was enjoyable). I miss the interplay of characters from "superhero team" flicks, I think.
 Nathan H 	  It's like getting beat with a baseball bat for 2.5 hours. It's brutal and in the end you feel bad. I don't mind gory movies. Deadpool was great fun. Logan is dark and depressing. I watched it on a Friday night and it ruined the start of my weekend.Patrick Stewart is the only good part of this movie. He's simply an amazing actor. He was great even with the terrible writing that had him dropping the F bomb multiple times for really no reason other than shock value.
 Tony K 	  Still thinking about this film. It wasn't perfect, but the mood it captured and the atmosphere of the future is prescient.
 Resli B 	  I highly recommend this. Comedy. Drama. This marvel movie has a tone that isn't captured in any of its predecessors. Be ready for an emotional journey of anguish, inner conflict, and retribution. Set in the future, we see our Logan in a state we haven't witnessed in previous films. Weak. Depressed. Broken. *possible spoilers"If you feel you shouldn't watch this because you haven't watched previous wolverine films. It's okay. All you have to know is Wolverine and the very basic background of X-men. Even if you don't know that information the film presents information in a way that doesn't really require it. The only reason for watching all preceding Xmen films before viewing this is for emotional content. Knowing more about the characters(from past films) in this last installment of Logan(Wolverine) enhances the weight of what this film offers. This movie does to superhero drama what deadpool did to superhero comedy.
 Niels S 	  Best superhero road movie ever.
 Sam A 	  Logan feels like a movie that knows what it wants to achieve and where it wants to take the audience. The storytelling is refreshing and concise, everything that happens on the screen is necessary to build all of the characters overall arcs. Logan starts in a very isolated and broken place and never grow too far beyond that point, during the films time frame. Mangold has penned a film where less is more, story elements are never fully explained and he treats the audience with dignity, allowing them to piece together the movie and not feel like he has to hold your hand during its 137 minute run time.Often hints and whispers are laid out for the audience to follow and it a masterful seeing it all unravel. Toward the later parts of movie the films length can be felt and you may start suffering from numb bum. Overall it flows at a natural pace and feels really well crafted. Hugh Jackman's performance as the titular character is his best to date, truly given the opportunity to finally stretch his acting chops in the role. He snarls, groans and growls in a role that could only be performed by Jackman. He IS Wolverine/James Howlett/Logan. If this truly is his final performance in the role, then he will be greatly missed and I feel for the person that must fill those Canadian boots. Similarly, this is an entirely different Portrayal of Professor X. Weak, vulnerable and now listed as a Weapon of Mass Destruction. Stewarts' handle over the role with its vulnerability and frailty is in perfect merged with the authority that has been ever present since established the character over the 17 years. Other characters are well cast and feel well suited in the perspective roles, Dafne Keen as Laura is another stand out performance, but this is Logan and Xavier's picture to run. The R rating (15) isn't just a certificate, its permission/ a release for Logan as a character, no longer are shots obscured and camera angles used simply imply the carnage that Wolverine is capable of. It is all laid out in front of the audience and you see the animal that was released from Alkali Lake during the original X-men movie. It tastefully done too and never out stays it's welcome. Several sequences are very much a franchise high for the character. In essence this is an A-Z film that achieve so much more than just reciting the letters in the middle. It takes you on a journey and shows how family can be more than just flesh and blood. 4/5.
 Richard S 	  Anyone in Hollywood who might be considering making more X-Men movies, Wolverine movies, recasting Wolverine or even making any other comic book movie should give up now because it will never come close to this beautiful piece of cinematic genius. I have enjoyed the X-Men and Wolverine movies but none of them have come close to the Wolverine that fans have always wanted to see on screen until this movie. I think the success of Deadpool helped to convince top brass at Hollywood that a darker and more violent Wolverine would be a success on the big screen.However, behind the action and violence is a story about family and it is these moments that give the story it's heart and makes you care about the characters. As a final outing for Hugh Jackman and Patrick Stewart, this is a perfect send off and to do more would take away something from this movie. Both actors have never been better in these roles and both give touching performances when on screen together. The story does diverge from it's source material, Old Man Logan but I think the film makers have just used that story as a base and developed something so much more special from there.
 Dominic E 	  Loved every minute of this film, a real treat and bitter sweet final send off to a character we have grown with for 17 years. I can picture no one else as Logan/Wolverine and this final performance reinforces that for me.At times the film does slow down, but then it picks right back up again and not just with action, which is the best the franchise has ever seen, but with raw emotion from Jackman (Logan) and Stewart (Xavier). This film pulls all of the pushes to get you to feel Happy, Sad, Satisfied and Relief. (SPOILERS)I admit the last 10 minutes brought a tear to my eye and that is a testament to how well this was made, not since The Dark Knight have I felt like this at a Superhero movie, to sum it up, Logan is a groundbreaking film and shows that superhero films can be dramas without the need for flash.9/10
 kc r 	  The Wolverine movie I've or everyone who is a fan been waiting for!
 Filip H 	  Best Wolverine movie!
 Steven H 	  Perhaps one of the greatest super hero movies of all time! What a way for Hugh Jackman to go out as the last time he plays Wolverine. Great Film!
 Robert v 	  It is just plain awesome
 Angelina R 	  Anticipated watch, with overall better expectations, than I had hoped; fantastic fight schemes displaying strength of precision and moves variety
 Ted K 	  The best X-Men movie ever!!!
 Kevin L 	  The best Wolverine movie by far.
 Samantha W 	  ProfessorX was awesome. Some really good parts. I would've cried at the end if the girl didn't have so much CGI snot on her face.
 Bradley G 	  Disney's way of killing off the X-Men since they dont have the rights the the majority roster. My childhood just died with this movie.
 Geraldo C 	  Better than expectations, very fun movie.
 Kevin C 	  Wow is all I have to say.
 Conni D 	  great movie ????????
 Said C 	  more gore, but less substance. figured that i would like this one much, but maybe that is just me. the little girl was cool. 20th Century Fox can go somewhere though. hopefully this is their last xmen, wolverine, anything forever.
 Richard P 	  Ultra violence is the name of the game with a bit of family man rolled in! Good old Wolverine!
 ClaRita C 	  watching this movie was like watching someone you love faking a happy life with someone new while texting you constantly about how everything is damaged.
 Tao T 	  One of the best movies of X-Men franchise. Ending killed me
 Joel B 	  Let's just say I left nearly 2 and a half hours later asking what the Whiskey Tango Foxtrot just happened to me"? It was like two bad movies poorly cobbled together into one REALLY LONG terrible feature. All I can say is if you want to see a real stinkburger of the highest magnitude - then this movie is the answer to your prayers.
 Kent D 	  "Logan" aka "F*@K YEAH!" (which I believe I may have yelled before the opening credits had even finished, along with 'Finally!") aka "How Wolverine should always have been depicted on film".Oh the blood... the glorious blood. It always seemed annoyingly sanitised, PG-ified, seeing Wolverine unleash onscreen (not that it happened much) with nary a drop of claret to be seen.This makes up for all of that, and then some. It'll kinda make the previous X-films disappointing for it, but in a way we owe this one to all that came before.This rivals Deadpool for the most violence and blood in any Marvel film, but in a much darker and less funny setting; this is grim and gritty all the way. I'm talking slashing, stabbings, amputations, impalements, decapitations, and blood galore, without ever getting silly. Even less suitable for kids than Deadpool as that spent its whole runtime with its tongue planted firmly in cheek, but this is at times so relentless, brutal and impactfully violent I'm surprised it didn't cop an R over here.Boy did I love it :-)Dafne Keen is an absolute revelation as Laura (**cough** X-23), we'll surely see more of her in the future and she well and truly holds her own against brilliant performances by Jackman and Stewart (especially, playing an increasingly feeble Xavier with a dignity and mastery of his craft second to none).What a great final outing for Jackman and Stewart, both of whom have said this will be their last outing as their characters, and whilst that's sad in a way, this is a great note on which to go out.
 Colin H 	  The Wolverine movie all the other films should have been.
 Gareth A 	  Logan was an extremely well paced movie. It didn't feel long or drawn out. I felt like every scene moved the story with purpose and heart. There wasn't one bit of wasted tape. Like a prize-fighter trimmed and cut for a great fight, Logan preformed at peak performance. Each round had an economy of movement, a rhythm and the film bobbed and weaved when it needed to. It wasn't the perfect movie, but pretty darn close. What I thoroughly enjoyed in this movie was the depth of performances by Hugh Jackman, Patrick Stewart and Dafne Keen. Keen a relatively fresh face showed range and depth beyond her years. It's too bad that movies in this type of genre typically don't get the recognition they deserve. But, I know that type of sentiment has echoed through the years. The seemingly "popcorn"esk movies are taking series deep dives in the serious movie pool.
 Kiara B 	  The best X-Men movie yet. As a fan who has followed this series from the release of X:1 in the nineties, I found myself transported to another world, in a way that I have avoided in my adulthood. It shows you something missing from most action/fantasy movies: heart. Nothing cheesy about this installment, which answers what happened to the mutants, and how does the world protect itself against them as they get older.
 Julio R 	  One of the best wolverine movies to date. You will be missed Hugh Jackman.
 Alma R 	  Was what I expected one of the best films to date loves the R rating and story line. One of their best films to date.
 Paul D 	  This is by far one of the best superhero films ever made.
 Jesse H 	  Logan Gives a heartfelt and great ending to a trilogy that got off to a horrible start. But this movie feels like an independent one. I Love Hugh Jackman, And Patrick Stewart's Performances. I Liked Dafne Keens Performance as X-23. I Think They Utilized The R rating to the full effect. The first act was great, The second act was OK, And The Third act Was Spectacular! I Praise James Mangold for this movie. Overall I'd give Logan a 97%. Spectacular ending for Jackman!
 Miguel N 	  Better than Rogue One
 Jaymie S 	  I honestly think Logan will go down as a classic of comic book movies. This is the defining movie for Hugh Jackman as Wolverine and an emotional ride unlike anything that's been done in superhero movies. There are things done in this film that I can't believe I saw and I'm glad Fox had the guts to let them. Everything about this movie is amazing and it will stand with The Dark Knight as the standard for all other comic book movies to aspire to.
 Brandon C 	  Not only is this one of the best comic book movies of all time it's just a great movie in general. A great send off for Hugh Jackman. 96/100.
 Carl Omar B 	  Phenomenal movie. I hope Hugh Jackson wins an Oscar for this one!!
 Lamar W 	  dammm good movie action violence enjoyed it
 Jamey D 	  A little warning. This is one of the darkest "superhero" comic book movies out there, not just in content but in the story.So the movie picks up a while after Days of Future Past. Logan is now a limo driver making ends meet to take care of the senile Professor X, who is now dangerously senile. When a young girl with her own adamantium claws comes into his life, Logan is forced to go on the run from the henchmen of a corporation creating mutants.Hugh Jackman and Patrick Stewart know this is the last time they are playing these characters, and they delivered a great performance. Both do inspire melancholy in me, seeing what happened over the years. The story is great. There's no epic final battle in a city. This is all grounded in dirty realism and a lot of blood, sweat, and tears.I strongly recommend Logan for a change of superhero pace. As I said, this is a very dark film, and very bloody. Think before taking the kids.
 Quan N 	  So good I already saw it twice. The only trilogy other than Lord of the Rings where the final film is the best. And that's a shame.
 Jose Miguel G 	  Exhilarating, visceral and brutal, the last installment in the X-franchise is filled with enough action and nostalgia to satisfy not only fans, but audiences in general, making it a more than a worthy farewell to Jackman's most relatable and memorable character.
 Mario S 	  a masterpiece that culminates the story of a great character.
 Jeremy S 	  Masterpiece...enough said.
 tim s 	  A masterpiece my favorite comic book movie.
 Jason P 	  True Grit - Unforgiven - Man on Fire - Insomnia
 nt2nice q 	  The movie was outstanding. If I wasn't programmed to believe that perfection is unattainable you'd see 5 stars. The acting was exceptional the story was awesome and the conclusion well timed and fitting. It is not for minors...claws go in, pieces and parts fly off. Remember all the times Wolverine ripped into people and like magic they remained alive and whole...well that's gone and so are all sorts of body parts. Logan is pure entertainment and you see him connect in a new way. Go see it!
 Rondell H 	  The Wolverine we should have had all along.
 Shahab K 	  Cross between Unforgiven and first Wolverine movie. Almost like a gritty old style western made in present day context. If it weren't for the extreme violence in some scenes, I would have given 5 stars as I don't think that level was necessary. Also some more fill in the blanks needed for what happened in last 20 years.
 John M 	  great movie... went out like a real hero!
 Quentin M 	  The way wolverine should've always been.............R rated
  	  Incredible! Closing out an amazing character!
 Eric P 	  I didn't love it as much as some people but it was still really good. Although I may have been in a slightly bad mood as some dickhead spoiled the entire thing in the comments section of the Alien: Covenant trailer on youtube.
 Ima S 	  Best of the X-men! The story, characters, performances all were great.
 P O 	  Best X-men and the lastGreat characters and performances
 Sean H 	  The defenitive Wolverine performance by Jackman
 Christopher G 	  old man logan. gonna miss you.
 Izac V 	  A brilliant end to the wolverine character played pitch perfectly by Hugh Jackman for nearly two decades now. Logan is a grim action picture that was filmed so well its impossible not to marvel at the film regardless. Stands with x-men days of future past as the best x-men movie yet, and proves that r-rated superhero movies could and should have a strong future. I hope they don't recast this character anytime soon because Jackman was the only person who could play Wolverine so well.
 Alexander L 	  Great movie. A good standalone Xmen film that stands head and shoulders above Wolverine's previous solo outings. Good pacing, great acting, and an emotional ending that doesn't seem forced make for a fine farewell to Hugh Jackman's Logan.
 Brian F 	  Epic...sad to see it end but it least it went out with a bang!
 Leo B 	  So emotionally grabbing. After 17 years of watching X-men since I was a little boy. This ended an era for me.
 M P 	  Not worth the time to go see. The story line was extremely drawn out andmany questions it brought up were never answered; the film could have beenat least 45 minutes shorter and still told the same story. There was so muchforeshadowing that you knew what was going to happen at least 30 minutesbefore it actually did. The only redeeming thing that both my wife and Ithought about the film is that we saw it on reduced ticket night.
 Justin M 	  simply put: what every Wolverine fan has been looking for. quite a somber movie. very much a western at heart. Semper Fi Hugh Jackman '?
 Stephen S 	  great movie a little sad that Logan & prof x died in the movie. great action scenes
 Jay D 	  QUICK REVIEW:Good news - We get the Wolverine we been dying to see for the past 20 years!Bad News - He is old as f**k.[SLIGHT SPOILERS]The moment was in 'X2: X-Men United' when we get the first glimpse of Wolverine going into his famous 'berserker' mode! The part when the soldiers attack the mansion. It was The Moment all of us Wolverine / X-Men fans were dying to see! We forgave the PG-13 rating as long as we got to see Wolvie go nuts, slicing and dicing u bad guys. Sans blood.'Logan' makes up for Allllll the blood and guts that every PG-13 movie could never show. And that is a bit of a shame for this franchise. The first Wolverine movie was so horrendous that my commentary ends here. The second one gave us more action and more people to watch Wolverine kill, but again...claws slicing people up without bloodshed was so ridiculous we still couldn't but into it.We all love Wolverine because he is the ultimate anti-hero. He is absolutely TERRIFYING and you're glad he's on the good guys side. Notice I didn't say he IS a good guy. Like Punisher and Deadpool - Wolverine is that middle ground character who isn't evil, but he isn't the most righteous person on the planet. He's that guy who doesn't mind carnage and mayhem to get results. If its for a greater 'good'? - then so be it.Which brings me to LOGAN. I really want to like this movie. Hell, I want to LOVE it. But seeing one of the greatest characters play out his final days, ambling about like a lame, coughing and wheezing and swearing, while having occasional bouts of violent rages - not exactly the Wolverine I want to see. The Wolverine WE get is in the year 2029 (which makes him well over 100 years old). He is shacked up with an impossibly fragile Professor X and - get this - CALIBAN. Why In god's name of ALLLLL the mutants to pick for Wolverine to spend his final days...WHY CALIBAN?? Caliban came across as a quasi-gay, vampire caretaker dying of AIDS, rather than a former mutant hunter for Apocalypse. I just couldn't buy into that dynamic. Why wouldn't Logan pick Jubilee or Storm, or hell, ANYONE?? anyone but CALIBAN. Geezus! lolSo Professor X is wasting away as the World's Most Powerful Psychic Invalid - and Wolverine is dying from what we assume is Adamantium poisoning. And Caliban is - well, CALIBAN (lord.....smh) the whole thing is a dreary mess.That is, until X-23 shows up!! :D :D Thankfully, this movie gets a dose of 'OH F**K DID THAT JUST HAPPEN?' once X-23 comes into the story line. So without giving anything away, The Weapon X program was continued and the revelation is the 'x' is not the letter X but the number 10 - as in the Weapon #10, the system tried 10x until the made Wolverine (hence, Weapon X). Now here we flash forward into the future and the Weapon program has been cloning the powers of dead mutants with children. Some worked and some did not. Weapon #23 is a Wolverine clone (X-23), a female version! And damn she is a wild little Bad-azz!The movie jumps into high gear from here. Well, as high as it can get with three of the lamest broken down characters ever featured in the entire X-saga. Oh man its just pitiful seeing Logan/James Howlett hobbling about all dusty and crusty :(So apparently something Very Very Terrible happened to every mutant on Earth and I guess only Wolverine and Professor X survived. And CALIBAN (Whyyyyyy....).Anyway. The Reavers are the bad guys and apparently Pierce is the one guy among plenty of cybernetic-enhanced mercenaries who seems to have any clue on how to fight a LAME Wolverine. And by lame I mean physically lame. He's on his last leg and still, 50 bionic men can't stop him. That's a testament to both his legendary fighting prowess AND how ill-trained the bad guys were haha! :PI enjoyed every second of X-23, but In the end this sad, sad R-Rated blood-fest about our favorite heroic mutant maniac comes to a whimpering halt. And I'm exactly not happy about that. Hopefully Bishop alters time and changes this shit.
 Tristan P 	  It's occasionally needlessly violent, but Logan breaks new ground for comic book movies with a dark, relentlessly tense and emotional story containing carefully crafted characters that are carried along by exceptional performances.
 Jacob D 	  LOGAN, was unsettling. Not in a bad way. A extreme work of art describing the brutality theme of this movie.After certain scenes, it leaves a sour feeling of intensity in your stomach, successfully dragging you within the story, completely unaware of your surroundings.. The young girl (Dafne Keen) was extraordinary. Not only a great actress, but tough to the point where your frightened. Unlike any X-Men film, this one is about as a violent movie you'd see as far as mainstream blockbusters go. It earned it's R!!*SPOILERS AHEAD*I really did dislike the fact that by LOGAN'S timeline, most mutants including the ones we knew from the last films are gone. With all the work gone into saving the mutants in the last films, by this point it made that cause sort of for nothing. For that reason and certain closure on the familiar characters, left me somewhat uneasy leaving the theater. *SPOILER END*Perhaps the most well made X-Men film (along with X2 and Days of Futures Past), however, ferociously violent, and emotional. It's a mixed feeling by the last scene, whether you end up satisfied or saddened, is up to you.
 Brettisyourdeath Gameplay  	  Honestly the best wolverine movie ever
 Bryce W 	  Perfect performance by Hughe Jackman.
 Sawyer W 	  We finally got the X-Men movie we've all been waiting for. Wow was this amazing! I don't know anybody who didn't like this movie. The story was gripping and I didn't want it to end. Jackman and Stewart had fantastic performances, and the little girl who played Laura did an outstanding job for her first movie. There is nothing in the movie that I didn't like. They got all of the brutal action in there, finally, making it even better. They went all out with everything! People of all ages and even those who haven't seen the X-Men movies will love it. If you have nothing to do, just go see Logan. I guarantee you'll love it!
 Marco P 	  to me It seem a italian movie ... inconsistent plot ... the plot is not original...
 Silver S 	  Logan - Touted as a sci-fi western, it definitely lived up to the moniker. Far-reaching deserts and a minimalist score really set the stage. James Mangold wrote and directed it, but I wish he had put down the pen. Each scene is thoughtfully shot, but it's the story within those shots that left me wanting.The positives for me, beyond the ambiance, were two standout performances by under the radar actors. Stephen Merchant, who is usually in English sitcoms, went way off type with his character. Given his past roles I thought it was an odd casting choice at best, but now I couldn't picture anyone else doing what he did. The other was Boyd Holbrook, who played the main antagonist. The subtle choices he made in line delivery and how he carried himself made him a magnetic presence onscreen. The film was much more engaging while they were involved in a scene.And then there are the negatives...As I alluded to earlier, the story was just not there. There's weak motivation throughout for both Wolverine and the villains. The movie creates its own plot holes unnecessarily and leans on tropes and off screen happenings to propel it along.The action scenes are an exercise in redundancy. Slash this guy, stab that guy, try stabbing and slashing this person, now mix it up a bit and slash THEN stab this guy. Once you see the first fight you'll have seen them all.And finally there are the inconsistencies with the special effects. They could create extremely detailed battle damage, but couldn't remove the prominent scar on the forehead of the self-healing girl. They could green screen prosthetic arms for multiple characters, but couldn't remove the reflection of the camera in peoples' sunglasses. These, and other details, while minor, added up quickly.Suffice it to say, this western did anything but ride off into the sunset.
 David D 	  This is the best comic book/X-Men movie ever, from start to finish it was just a great movie and the action was perfect. As a R-Rated(15 in UK) this ticked all the boxes, and if this is the end of Hugh Jackman as Wolverine then he give it the best send off it deserved.
 Anthony B 	  It's by far the best x-men movie! It started with Deadpool but Logan took it to next level! I think honestly it will change upcoming super hero movies to come. Also I think the past X-men movies were great, but they probably would of been better if they were rated R like Logan and Deadpool in my opinion. Logan is great, but it's also by far the most heart breaking one too!
 Randy R 	  This installment of X- Men lack the usual superhero cheer, but just might be the best so far
 Rodrigo O 	  Lgico, melhor que a maioria da franquia, absolutamente executado com panache e amor por todos os envolvidos.Onde Logan acerta,  culpa de seus apaixonados personagens principais, mostrando uma inimaginvel escala dramtica, mas... nunca abusando.A violncia crua est ali, por bem ou por mal, nunca servindo de bengala a um roteiro simples mas bem amarrado at, pelo menos, sua metade.Logan  um passo perfeito para um cinema "pop" que d certo, tratando seus espectadores, seja quem for, com inteligncia e tato.
 Sharaf B 	  slow, too long, exceedingly simplistic plot, no twists, can't understand why rated so highly. die hard comic geeks will like anything.
 Cheryl R 	  Fantastic very sad yes I know what everyone is saying but it's true sorry
 Steve C 	  Being a movie pessimist has its perks. Logan is the most pleasant surprise I've had with a movie in a very long time. Everybody and their mother has been grinding their teeth in anticipation for this movie. The expectations were absurd. Me? I saw absolutely no reason to be excited for this movie. Not even the "R" rating could get me excited, no matter how many times I heard someone claim that the "R" rating was what they needed to tell a Wolverine story that is "true to the character". All I knew were two things. Thing 1: We all know how the previous two solo Wolverine movies went. Thing 2: This was from the director of The Wolverine which was, in my opinion, painfully boring and dull. So I walked into the theater ready to tell all my friends how bad it was and not to get their hopes up.Logan is absolutely beautiful. As bleak and emotionally draining as it is, it's beautiful. It's the first superhero movie in a very long time that treats itself as a movie as well as a superhero movie. It's a drama and a character study of Logan. A man who's spent his entire life pushing people away and watching as all the people he ever loved or cared about die one by one. From the beginning, Logan is a very sober experience. Along with the knowledge that almost all the other mutants are dead (including all of the X-Men apart from Logan and Charles Xavier), it's also weirdly sad to see how Logan and Charles have aged. Logan's hair is all grey, Charles is senile. Maybe it's only because of the fact that there are eight other X-Men movies behind it, but another thing this movie seems to have down very well is a world that feels very alive and lived in. Like things have happened. And on top of all of this grim but wonderful detail, Logan even goes to the effort to have a good plot. It would have been so easy to have some throwaway mustache-twiddling villain who's out to end all mutants and blah blah blah and Logan has to stop him (yes, I know it's based on a comic and the story existed beforehand), but this movie really outdid itself with a plot that's engaging and extremely compelling. And to top it all off, Logan is in no hurry to set up another X-Men movie and thus it tells a much more complete story. I only wish the other two solo Wolverine movies could've been this good. Logan is an absolutely wonderful finale.
 Frances B 	  Great film, a little cheesy at times but that should be expected from a comic based movie. Left a lot of open questions, but was full of fun action and a some fun new characters.
 Jermaine A 	  Still Romany unanswered questions
 Rob L 	  If this is Hugh Jackman's last time as Logan/Wolverine, it was a hell of way to go out & his best performance as Wolverine in my opinion. Great movie all together!!!!!
 CA Cougar M 	  Logan is the perfect final film for Hugh Jackman's portrayal as Wolverine. From the 'Hell or High Water' feel to the brutal R-Rated action sequences, Logan is truly a comic book movie I'm going to remember for a long time. Thank you Hugh Jackman!
 Chris B 	  Logan is absolutely fantastic! One of the best comic book movies ever made. This is the most realistic you will probably ever see a comic book movie. Hugh Jackman and Patrick Stewart both give their best performances maybe ever. The action scenes are extremely well done. The story is emotional and will have people crying. This film is basically Unforgiven set in the X Men universe.
 Smart D 	  Loved it from start to finish
 Vicky M 	  Absolutely fantastic. Thick plot, amazing fight scenes. Very emotive. Best movie I've seen in years.
 Rory P 	  Nearly 3 stars.Starts off with promise.
 Private A 	  Really emotional great work Hugh jackman
 Aleena K 	  this movie was amazing! Sad though, but well made! for ages 15+
 Chelsea C 	  Best x men film thank you Hugh jackman
 Shane V 	  Brutal,Emotional, and amazing. Everything you would want in a movie and x-men movie.
 Jonah S 	  "Great direction, beautiful scenery, and Hugh Jackman's best performance yet, this is one of the best films I've seen this year! The story is real as you feel it, the pacing is done very well, and the action is bloody, brutal, and satisfying. For this is Hugh Jackman's final role as Wolverine, he has saved the best for last!"
 juan p 	  Best marvel movie as of now.. must see
 Timothy W 	  The Best X-Men movie ever. Hugh Jackmen best performance ever as a wolverines. The little girl is what blew my mind but was annoying once she starts to speak. I will so watch it again if I get a chance. SPOILER ALERT: THERE IS NO MID OR POST-CREDIT SCENE
 Jean-Pierre T 	  Holds true to the main portions of old man logan. A great heartfelt movie
 Mark K 	  A great movie: Performances of the leading cast are all outstanding: simple, real and convincing. Fight scenes are top notch: well orchestrated and shot. Some might find the level of violence too much but I thought it was just what was needed and everything seemed real and relevant. The best movie of the series, certainly the most humane and heartfelt, one the best movies in the recent time.
 Jacob H 	  this movie was fantastic it is a must see
 Alexander F 	  Very satisfying end to a interesting character. Solid drama, action, emotion, tear jerking,and acting. One minor flaw and that this has the bad side effect of poor villains with either few or no motives that many comic book movies these days suffer from. That aside it does not hold this film down as it is not a exact replica of the comic but a engaging film with a fantastic end to great characters.
 krunal p 	  best ending a movie can have
 robert r 	  I loved the idea of hopeless, struggling, ailing revered superhero all of times and he was dealing with his own morality and loneliness. Logan is one true superhero movie without any silly dazzling cgi effect and certainly not going down as American silly spaghetti old western movie. Thanks Hugh for putting your one good final act and farewell to hang up your faithful claws.
 Ayden D 	  It brought me to tears, it was very different from the rest of the X-Men movies and left me was mixed emotions. Hugh Jackman will always be my favorite actor for Wolverine.
 Jake K 	  Logan is a good movie, though not the masterpiece it's being portrayed as, and is the best X-Men since at least X2. It definitely benefits from a darker and gorier aesthetic and the first half of the movie is great with age having taken a heavy toll on Professor X and the Wolfman. There is a vaguely futuristic setting that is unevenly applied and a very weak, almost silly subtext about evil corporations/globalization that could have been skipped.Basically, this is a chance to see Hugh Jackman dice some people viciously, and as a fight movie it's pretty satisfying. The car chases get a little monotonous, however, and the other new mutants could have been fleshed out a bit more. Finally, the main villain is not so exciting as he's basically just a clone of Wolverine/Sabretooth/little Mexican girl but without a brain.
 Louis W 	  the ending was emotional and speechless
 Kyle C 	  X-Men movies will never be the same. This movie was not only rated R, but it was a very gritty, raw, and emotional rated R. I never had problems with previous X-Men movies bring rated PG-13,after all, they are based on comic books. However, after watching the newest X-Men masterpiece, also known as Logan, I'm not sure that any future X-Men movies that would be rated PG-13 would ever appeal to me after seeing this movie. It was refreshing to see Logan cast as the type of person that we always thought that he was. He always seemed different than any of the other X-Men. He always had that edge to him, that hardness that we all came to expect and love. "Logan" puts thus all in full display this go around. Also, not to mention Professor X was a big change from his previous roles as well. He was a much more subdued, aged, and almost withered away version of the well-known professor, not to mention, foul mouthed! This movie works in so many ways, it has to be seen by any true fans of the series, but especially fans of Wolverine. I hate to see him leave us, if this truly is his last appearance (at least played by Hugh Jackman) but what a wonderful way to go!
 Ben P 	  The new benchmark in comic book movies. A*
 Stephanie M 	  Touchant et beaucoup d'actions ! J'ai hte de le revoir lorsqu'il sortira en DVD :)
 Matthew G 	  A new imagining on a comic book movie! Brings the grit and action that The Wolverine franchise has needed. Has a real grounded, western feel in the best way imaginable!
 Lucas P 	  Hilariously bad. The beginning starts slow, gives little context, has poor dialogue, and is boring.Regardless, it was entertaining and caused me extreme bouts of laughter. I think when you somehow convince 2/3rds of the audience to laugh during a final death scene that is intended to be serious- you have failed as actors and directors. If you enjoy claws going straight through different parts of people's heads though, Logan has plenty to offer. Additionally, for as large of a budget movie it seems cheap. Half the movie is Hugh Jackman waking up from passing out or sleeping. Seriously, the amount of times they show people sleeping is amazing. They might as well have shown them going to the bathroom in real time.Speaking of which, taking laxatives and going to the bathroom in real time would have probably been a better use of time.That said, I laughed. A lot.
 Lance M 	  it's what we expected all the ones before to be
 Benjamin N 	  The greatest of the X Men movies.
 Ajay T 	  Way too violent for me but so much better than the last movie ?? OMG ?? intense, riveting, harsh, surprising...
 Brecken H 	  Absolutely the best X-Men movie ever made. It is now my favorite superhero film, beating out Winter Soldier, The Dark Knight, GOTG, Deadpool, and others. It was fantastic. However, If you aren't an X-Men fan, you might not like it as much as I did. Also, it is a hard R. This is not for young children.
 Billy M 	  Finally Logan hits the nail on the head, most film trilogy's the last movie sucks, in this instance Hugh & co just kept working harder to bring the best movie they could. It's got action and drama, if you have never seen the X-men then it may not ring such a potent bell, just as Nolen set the bar high with 2008's The Dark Knight. Mangold & Jackman bail out on top of the world with this action/drama movie. Goodbye old friend.
 Diane S 	  Great story and superbly acted. .thrilling throughout.
 Kody Z 	  The film is slow, very slow. The ability to stay focused or awake for that matter was quickly lost. With each scene opening more plot holes, and slowly leading the viewer into a state of "What?" this movie was a let down. The movie lacked all types of originality, following suit with any base level movie and its villains, Logan's story left me wanting for something original.
 Jarrin R 	  Great way to take the comic out of a comic movie, although the comic origin is very present. I really enjoyed this character story, after you get past all the blood and gore. The action is in your face and very fast paced. this movie is a must see for adult X-Men fans!
 Kalyan D 	  Perfect ending to the X-Men Trilogies
 Matthew B 	  Absolutely brilliant - for once a film that justifies the hype
 Ethan R 	  Great film that changes the boundaries of what a superhero movie can be
 Curtis M 	  With Logan being Hugh Jackman's final chapter as Wolverine after 17 years, this could not have been a more satisfying way to end the era. Logan takes a totally different approach by being a dark, gritty film with a lot of drama. The action was intense and gruesome but it was not the main focus. This film captures the damage both mentally and physically that professor X and Wolverine have taken over the years . The girl was also a menace and even with the little dialogue she had, she killed it every time she was on camera. I almost forgot I was watching an X men movie at one point because it felt so much more real and personal than most superhero movies. This is the best X men and Wolverine movie that has ever been made and it was a fantastic way to close Wolverine's story.
 Mario P 	  295/5000Logan as a film did justice to one of the most emblematic characters of Marvel and it is because for the first time I see the best version of Hugh Jackman as Wolverine and also a plot as raw and well argued as it is in the source material of the character. A masterpiece without a doubt.
 Arun G 	  'Logan' is by all means a splendidly grounded superhero flick that stands on its own feet, is unabashedly violent, and a near-flawless approach to conclude the Wolverine saga in style. James Mangold and his writers Scott Frank/Michael Green add the much needed emotional connect between the characters, doing away with humongous set-pieces instead opting to stage them on a very personal and judicious note. The Wolvie vs. Wolvie initial set-piece is a bloody treat. Patrick Stewart is at his hilarious best. Jackman bids adieu to his worn-out adamantium claws in spectacular fashion. (3.5/5)
 Daniel V 	  I'm not a big fan of super hero movies, but this one was really good. Catchy movie with a great acting from Hugh Jackman. Worth watching
 Tyler L 	  That's it. We can stop making super hero movies. This film was phenominal, emotional, brutal, and painfully heart breaking. Sir Patrick Stewart should win several awards for his role in this. The action starts pretty fast, even though the film is very much a slow burn in the vain of classic westerns, it still somehow seems to go by pretty fast. It's great to see the character of Logan/Wolverine finally brought to the screen with the rage and brutality as seen in the comics, in a true R rating which was always needed. Full of adult themes such as death, duty, redemption, obligation, and loss, this film is in no way intended for children or even young teenagers. This is 100% an adult film through and through. Without giving away the ending, it was surprisingly emotional. No one in the theater talked for about thirty seconds when the credits started to roll.
 joseph r 	  Fucking unbelievable. The Dark Knight of Marvel movies. There's not gonna be another movie in this genre this good for a long, long time.
 David S 	  One of the better comic books I've ever seen
 Jonathan G 	  good movie but very depressing
 Lakesha L 	  we loved it!!saw it with my daughter (don't judge me :) ) and we loved this movie. It was befitting a warrior and fitting end to his story line.
 Alejandro A 	  Best "superheroe" movie of all time
 Liz M 	  Didn't compare to the other X-Men movies that came out recently.
 Bradley D 	  I enjoyed this more than I expected. It was action packed but also tugged at your heart. I would totally recommend it and you do not need a prior knowledge of xmen.
 hannah g 	  By far, the best action movie I have ever seen. Even though Wolverine is a superhero, this isn't a superhero movie. It's gritty, raw, and completely redefines the X-Men franchise.
 Gregory D 	  Action, pathos, excellent acting and script...what more can you ask of a superhero movie! Oh yeah, mini-me wolverine is awesome!
 Santi H 	  Watching wolverine tear through his enemy's has never been more satisfying to watch. This movie starts off great and it never looks back. Logan is full of gut-wrenching sequences, and awesome fight scenes which leads to a change in the viewers emotion. One moment
 Trung A 	  It is a amazing film
 Gregory C 	  Not since The Dark Knight has a movie based on comic book characters been so grounded in reality, thoughtful, and treated with so much love and respect. And thanks to Deadpool, we now have the door opened for more comic book characters to be more deeply and artistically explored without the restraints of a PG-13 rating and with little to no interference from film studios. Hugh Jackman not only gives the best performance of his career, he also gives an Oscar-worthy one. In fact, most of the cast offer surprisingly wonderful and beautifully nuanced performances. Patrick Stewart gives one of his best performances as well and newcomer Dafne Keen may shock and impress you after you realize this was her first film. I feel like everyone should be warned before going into Logan, because this film is unlike anything you've ever seen from the X-Men and Wolverine movies, and it will defy your expectations. However, what you get is a gritty western/road-trip style character study film that will make you think and feel as much as it will entertain you. Logan is a must-see-in-the-theater film, and one that deserves your financial support. So go see Logan ASAP! I give LOGAN an A+.
 Sergio I 	  Best Marvel movie yet. This movie veers away from the cliche templet Marvel studios loves so much, and delivers a more human, and honest breath of fresh air.
 Brandon R 	  Loved it! I'm a huge comic nerd who loves the movies and books. This movie is now one of my favorite comic book movies. I really enjoyed the feel and aesthetic. The character interaction was great. And I am now a true X-23 believer! Go see this movie if you enjoy action. You don't have to know anything about X-Men to enjoy it.
 Alex A 	  Best xmen movie ever
 Jonathan T 	  I couldn't figure out what the big deal was the entire movie.This movie standing by itself wasn't a bad movie but overall far too many holes in the plot. There were way too many questions by the of the movie which wouldn't have been a bad thing if the movie wasn't 2 hours and 15 minutes long. There was no real journey nor was there a formidable bad guy to fight at the end. When it comes to X-men Fox simply can't get it right. Not a bad movie but far from great
 William C 	  The best Wolverine movie also the best X-Men movie, not to be miss , it was rated 18 in Malaysia, most of the F words was retain only 4 or 5 strong foul words is muted, 2 violent scene suspecting been modified without cut , so is still worth to watch this movie in cinemas.
 Sagnik D 	  The Movie is just AWESOME.......FABULOUS........FANTASTIC.....ad all other comments that would attract one to watch it.........if one haven't watched it yet, then rush to your nearest theatre or one would never see wolverine( HUGH JACKMAN) ever again. Dafne Keen has also acted well.
 BJ C 	  Excellent conclusion to his story, and a much better film than we had any right to hope for... Solid A.
 Jamie J 	  This film is awesome to see
 Kyle W 	  Great ending to the series. Spot on.
 Jorge Mauricio M 	  Very boring. In general, it could be said that it is the creme de la creme of the trilogy, the perfect culmination, but personally and visuallmente, it is not that it is rare, is that as happened with the second one, it is just as boring, because they make the movie more Difficult and more incomprehensible for what it says, which is why it would not have been worth doing this crap.
 Mattex D 	  BEST XMEN/WOLVERINE MOVIE EVER BEST MOVIE OF 2017 GREAT HOW TO START OF A MARVEL MOVIE FOR 2017 ITS FINALLY HAPPEN WE FINALLY GOT A WOLVERINE MOVIE THAT IS RATED R AND HUGH JACKMAN HAS WENT WITH A BANG FOR HES LAST WOLVERINE MOVIE GREAT JOB LOGAN AND LAURA
 Evan C 	  Logan is a Breath of fresh air to the X-Men franchise. Real violence and drama
 Ashley P 	  Another great adult super hero movie. Could have used a little less "God's creatures" stuff but enjoyed it nonetheless.
 Ty D 	  I have never been a true fan boy of The Wolverine as a character. The character is interesting but I never developed an emotional tie to him. This movie changed that. Hugh Jackman and Patrick Stewart both put on an amazing performance. Great film!
 Phoebe L 	  Bloody, depressing, heartbreaking and gripping film. *SPOILER ALERT* so basically be it the old or new timeline, all the mutants are screwed.... also, how could they kill Logan TWICE??? ?? it was so heartbreaking to watch him suffer like that. Also, poor Logan. His family is always taken from him. Lots of profanity in this film, understandable considering they have been through a lot. Almost on par with the Deadpool film with regards to gore and profanity. I felt that the powers of the other 'mutant' kids were not done very realistically. However, the other effects were great! Action scenes were amazing! The ending felt too abrupt though..Like they hit us with a bomb and then everything is blank ?? Very different from the other Xmen films and will definitely leave a lasting impact on the viewer afterwards. Bring tissues for the ending!!
 Hendrik S 	  okaylaaa, Tapi masih konpius timeline.
 Lauren G 	  The acting was superb, but I'm not the biggest fan of the plot. There were some holes and dry periods in the story that I think they could have made a lot better. Still a good film.
 Fabian D 	  This is the movie that the fans wanted to see! At the same time it was so much more. In a lot of ways it was very heavy and emotional, but also uplifting. You get reminded that it's okay to fight for something more, something better. A great send off for Hugh Jackman. Do yourself a favor and go see this!
 Harry J 	  Best performance by Hugh jackman. The girl who plays x23 is someone who I think in a couple years could have her own film as the character such hit girl but with a film. Patrick Stewart gets to play Charles diffenrently in this and I really enjoyed him balancing classic Charles with this new performance. Overall best x men film to date including Deadpool and probably one of the best superhero films in a long time. It just does something complelty different to the marvel formula and the previous x men films. The fact that we get to see a true wolverine film ( blood is on the claws and every where else expect inside human bodies) and its plot I'd say it's on the level of dark knight superhero films.
 Matthew L 	  Couldn't have ended if any better ????
 Joe C 	  Brutal, Beautiful and Brilliant
 Donovan Zohan D 	  Wow... just wow... and I mean that in the greatest way possible! Logan is the Wolverine film we've asked for, and it's exactly how we all wanted it! Bloody fun action packed sequences, hilarious dialogue is thrown in as well. This will become one my favorite superhero flicks of all time, and I can confidently consider this to be one of the GREATEST SUPERHERO MOVIES OF ALL TIME!!!!
 Samuel F 	  The film this final Hugh Jackman outing as Wolverine most reminds me of is not some previous X-adventure or MCU outing, but rather 'The Road', it's bleak aesthetic borrowing liberally from that earlier film's post-apocalyptic pallette. Set in 2029 with most mutants dead or dying, the film tracks the titular character's dark American road trip as he attempts to escort a young Mexican orphan to a haven in Canada. Pursued by a cabal of faceless corporate baddies who are the film's least interesting aspect, Logan finally takes off the training claws, and the result is bluntly depicted violence, soaked liberally in blood. The violence here is not flashy, and unlike previous R-rated Marvel outing, 'Deadpool', it does not aim to shock into nervous laughter. Here the violence simply represents the consequences - for both hero and villain. It is the natural corollary of what Logan is.Ultimately the film is fixated on dying. Its characters are frail and feeling their age. This includes Jackman's Logan, but also Patrick Stewart's Francis Xavier who - having once been the world's finest mind - is now suffering dementure and prone to lethal psychic outbursts. Only Laura, the very special orphan who is Logan's charge (played admirably by new-comer, Spanish-born Dafne Keen), represents hope for life and renewal.Whilst the likes of 'Watchmen' and Christopher Nolan's Dark Knight Trilogy may have aspired to elevate the superhero genre to new heights, 'Logan' is the first film to truly achieve that.
 Oliver S 	  Great movie just a little long but one of the best comic movies ever
 jeff m 	  Just a great, gritty action movie. Much different than Deadpool. No unicorn jokes in this one. Great story. Feels almost like a small independent western. Definitely worth the ticket price.
 Shubham M 	  Best movie ever and hugh jackman is my hero now
 Oleg D 	  One of the best movies I ever watched. The best in X-Men series.
 Shane D 	  A near perfect film. Great stuff from all involved.
 Kalman A 	  A one-dimensional plot, no charm, no x-men camp, a simple tear-down of two superheroes, and excessively violent. The kid wolverine reminded me of the bunny rabbit in Monty Python's Holy Grail, flying around viciously chewing off heads. Long and boring.
 Dixit D 	  Satisfying. Slick. Brilliant in It's own way.
 Steve U 	  Brave, gritty tribute to old man Logan storyline. Well paced and written. Must see.
 Mike B 	  I was disappointed by the ending.
 Miguel R 	  The best of all the X-Men movies and in the Marvel Universe! It was emotional and hard to watch. But it was an excellent film.
 Sandra A 	  Logan now is a babysitter...A part from the brilliant performances of Hugh Jackman and Patrick Stewart there is not too much in this flick.Slow paced and predictable, very uninspired plot.
 Noel T 	  If you're an MCU fanboy nitpick evaluating this with the rest of their (relatively) light fare, then it'll easily fall short of your top 3. My 2 cents: best movie ever about characters that happen to have appeared in a comic book (they even spoon-feed this to you as a plot device).Thematic, visual and emotional ride like any George Miller Mad Max + Unforgiven + Firestarter (film). Daresay they even one-upped Batman: The Dark Knight by deglamorizing the usual comic-book quip laden violence and presenting it in all it's brutality.Characterization on point: they got Wolverine and the Reavers from Uncanny X-Men #251-#253 right, and this is the same burnout from Old Man Logan. Yeah, they veered most from the plot of the latter, but how could they not without "giving the rights back to Marvel"? Besides, the MCU would have given us grins and giggles, whereas this was clearly going for winces and choked-up tears.Speaking of choked-up tears, and trying hard not to cross that spoiler line, but let's just say I greatly appreciate having gotten to see the grungy, brutal Wolverine of my youth without an ending that involved adamantium petrification or Jean Grey beckoning him into the light.Finally there's X-23. Must admit that I was never a fan of the idea, but I'm a fan now. Look forward to more of her and the New Mutants led by that kid Napoleon who was passing records to Shaolin Fantastic at the end of the The Get Down.Strong movie. Meh comic-book movie. And that's more than alright.
 Jenna%20 u 	  * SPOILER ALERT* Very talented actors carrying a very bland story line. As predictable as a Scooby Doo episode with villain's who are just as one dimensional. I forced myself to ignore why the child went from Mute, to Spanish Speaking, to broken english, to english speaking (brilliant actress though). We are told that she's never been to the outside world but somehow knows how to drive. I really couldn't grasp why Canada was a safe zone. The time they spent with the farming family and their short lived story line was COMPLETE time filling nonsense. The clone was anticlimactic, almost cheesy. Calling him "Daddy" at the end was CRINNNGE. I can go on longer but whats the point. Overall, not worth seeing in the theaters.
 Jonathan T 	  Pays great homage to wolverine, but very slow.
 Adrian M 	  doesn't need any context so you can take anyone to it, and it has everything you need in a movie.
 rodney l 	  Great and Sad farewell to Logan!
 Avant S 	  The best X Men, Wolverine or Marvel movie ever made. A great send off to the greatest super hero mutant!!
 Nicolette H 	  A low 4. Finally a Marvel movie I actually like! Ha ha. Thank You 20th Century Fox for another awesome Comic Book movie that I enjoy! Ha ha. Finally some human emotions along with top notch acting! Blown away by the performances here. Loved all the actors. Focusing on the character study, it was wonderful. It has been so long since I've seen something real in a superhero movie. This was so refreshing. The violence and action did not disappoint. It definitely felt more real. But just focusing on the story part, I had some issues with it. Some of the choices felt lazy and generic. Also moved along at a slow pace at times. Some things didn't make sense to me, like "why would this happen instead of this?' kind of moments. Also some of the dialogue didn't work for me. But I can overlook all that because this provided a new, different experience while watching a comic book character on the big screen. This won't be a favorite of 2017 for me but this is definitely my favorite movie based on a Marvel character. Not a super great movie but worth a watch. Not a must see in IMAX. I will get digitally.
 Rahul R 	  I watched it and added to my favorite list. I just want to say this is best and amazing movie with emotional touch.
 The W 	  This is right up there with Christopher Nolan's Bateman series. Exactly what we all want to see when it comes to comic book movies. They kept it real. The characters acted how people act in real life. R rated was the way to go. Great way to end a great character.
 Ricard M 	  El mejor final posible. Hubiera aadido escenas de que me enterado que se ocultan en la pelcula
 Charlie E 	  No hidden scene. Good ending. Didn't expect lots of things that did happened onto the film. Well guess this is the end of a logan story apart from x-men and Hugh Jackman as Logan.
 Steve M 	  Beauty and the Beast, or Logan as its called, Will be the best Marvel product from Fox. Deadpool set the "R" rating bar And Logan took it and made a Movie that should give jackman a golden globe or Oscar nomination. I cried when Spock died 35 years ago and this movie "got" me too. Do Not take the kids to see this, its brutal, and F bombs everywhere Story 9. Acting 9.5. Picture 9.5. Sound 9. not 3d add 1/2 a point. Saw it in a large Format Theater and i hope you have one to see it in. Well worth it. The wife loved it. Mutants that show how to be human.
 Reda F 	  First it was Deadpool, then came LOGAN and made me rethink about my best badass movie !Breathtaking screenplay, great acting, lots of claws shredding, all you want to find in a quality play made by MARVEL greatest.Yesterday was my first watch, definitely not my last.
 Doug L 	  Certainly overhyped. As a character study, the movie is quite good. As the very violent version of Wolverine fans of the character have hoped for, the movie doesn't disappoint. As a movie in general, its pretty good. Not great. The plot is not just straight forward and simple, it brings nothing new to the table. Its the same old generic military bad guy, with the same generic evil scientist, and the same old random assortment of mutants that have tests being run on them. Not to mention this movie has quite a few plot holes. And, SPOILERS- I understand the clone of Wolverine makes sense based on the theme of the movie, but it just feels like a lazy choice. As cool, as it is to watch two wolverines slash each other half to death, it only hurt the weak part of this movie even more; the plot. I shouldn't have to ignore the plot and try hard to focus on the other strong aspects of the movie in order to enjoy the movie as a whole, but with Logan that is exactly what is required for me to like it. Lots to like about the movie, but unfortunately the plot was the same recycled cliche we've seen dozens of times.
 Charles S 	  Most kids (most of which shouldn't be allowed to see it) won't get how appropriate the music is... depressing as hell.....
 Carlos F 	  A great movie, not just a great superhero movie. Wolverine has always been a rated R character forced into a PG-13 movie. It is not the freedom of the rating that makes this a good movie. This movie steps away from the formula so many studios like to embrace. There will never be a fatigue for good movies.
 Wade H 	  DAFNE KEEN RULES! HUGH JACKMAN RULES! PATRIC STEWERT RULES!It deserves 100%!!!!!!!!!!! NO LESS!!! AS HASH AND EMOTIONAL AND SETIMENTAL in a TOUGH WAY!!! PLEASE HUGH DONT QUIT!!!
 Clay F 	  You know, Wolverine deserved a good movie, because it was not shown in full before, its animal nature was not revealed, ladies and gentlemen, we got the best film that could be shot about Logan. An incredibly touching story, amazing music and the dynamics of everything that happens, the level Cruelty picked up correctly, ideally. After watching, there was a feeling of sadness that lasted for a couple of days. After 3 days I went again and noticed the details previously not noticed by me, besides it would be an imax. In general, it could not be better
 William S 	  Amazing. Cash's When the Man Comes Around is a perfect way to close with the credits.
 Boilingpoint  	  Great movie loved it from start to finish.
 Kyla B 	  Love love love! What a performance by all. ??
 Steven M 	  really, really good, whether you like Marvel movies, or not!
 Frank R 	  Freddy Krueger has nothing on an aged Wolverine in the R-rated Marvel universe. Was 'Logan' good? Sure. It gets a solid thumbs-up from me. Unfortunately, it's not as epic as the Johnny Cash-crooned trailer that promised a dynamically dark emotional delve into Logan's character. That character-driven movie would have been awesome. Instead, we get a gratuitous gore-fest that slices and dices, curses and growls its way through 137 minutes of (mostly) above average action sequences - which would be fine if the trailer hadn't promised so much more in its 105 seconds.
 Dante D 	  A definite great from Marvel. This is definitely how the Wolverine should've been from the beginning
 Laura D 	  Gritty. Dark. Animalistic. What Wolverine should have been from day one! Really good supporting cast and sub-plots. I would have enjoyed a bit more world building. Action scenes were worth seeing this movie for alone. Not just a great comicbook movie, but a great movie overall.
 Julio D 	  Logan, el desborde del dolor...As podra describirla en pocas palabras. Hugh y Mangold se comprometieron a darnos el ultimo viaje de Wolverine y lo hicieron sin contemplaciones. En Julio del 2015 Hugh peda a los fans de Wolverine que le hicieran llegar lo que deseaban ver en su prxima y ltima pelcula del personaje, se me concedieron ver al menos un par de mis sugerencias: el lado paternal de Logan y la furia desatada sin censura. La pelcula trae el camino de algn modo marcado por lo que Marvel ha hecho con el personaje dentro del comic y ello sirvi de base para que los guionistas trabajaran esa lnea para el destino del personaje encarnizado. Conocer a Wolverine, Logan o James Howlett dentro del papel es un viaje de carga, honor, sacrificio asi como de constante de pesares, no solamente su look o furia berserker que solamente ve la mayora es lo que lo hace tan mpatico entre los seguidores mas fieles, y la pelcula cumple con ello en esas facetas importantes, vemos a un Logan maduro para controlarse y moverse entre la sociedad sin perder los estribos que denotan esa sabidura que le ha costado una vida por aqu y por all, nos sumergimos en ese agotante trayecto con la gran interpretacin de los personajes a los que acompaamos, y no se puede evitar sentir un nudo en la garganta en ciertos momentos de Logan y Charles mientras tienen consigo a esa nia inesperada en sus vidas, tendemos pues a apaciguar las emociones con el devenir de cada situacin y es que si bien desde el trailer la pelcula era descifrable, al menos cumple en mostrarnos un recorrido que te mantiene atento al querer enteder que esta pasando por la mente de cada uno de los viejos conocidos al desvelarnos sutilmente como han llegado a esta precaria situacin. Es apabullantemente violenta pero con toda lgica a como imaginabamos ver si esas vietas fueran realmente representadas. Una pelcula que se presenta y se despide en si misma, "donde el mejor en lo que hace" encuentra su ltimo objetivo en su esencia mutante con el gran corazn que posee.Muchas gracias por todos estos aos en la piel de Wolverine, Hugh Jackman!
 rosaly s 	  Absolutely amazing! Well done. A great way to say bye to the Wolverine and Professor X.
 Tubagus K 	  Great movie..but sad logan be driver uber..Superhero needs extra money too
 Yerzhan A 	  Best movie about Wolverine.
 sean m 	  Surprisingly AwesomeI was surprised at how great this movie was . I am a huge fan I went in not expecting to be blown away. it was truly a fitting ending for Jackman and Stewart's characters. thank for the memories.
 Tom B 	  Best X-Men movie by a landslide. Made my top 10 action movies.
 David B 	  I do love a good R rated superhero movie!
 Nizzam  	  Nowadays, people love to jumped on bandwagons. Especially on the Internet. And so, most would claim they hated Fox for their misinterpretation of Xmen and Fantastic 4. But to me, they just produced 2 superhero movies of the year in the form of Deadpool and Logan. While Marvel just rehashed the same formula again and again (Civil War is just a good movie, but severely lacking) Infinity War will definitely be big on scale, no doubt about it. Just doubt it would be big in the mind for themes and storyline. Don't think any Marvel movie is gonna as awesome as this one ever. Logan is a 5/5 for me. The perfect sendoff from Hugh Jackman.
 Justin K 	  Like DeadPool last year, the bar is set very high early on with Logan. This is exactly what a Wolverine movie should have been decades ago. A simple story with core of characters showcasing extreme violence, right amount of humour and dramatic losses. Hugh Jackman finally takes this character to the potential it rightly deserves in his final outing. This is one of the best superhero films to date and stands out as very unique with great depth and an intriguing story.
 Craig R 	  A gritty, violent and humorous tale for this R rated take on a x-men.
 Jamil H 	  Hugh Jackman should get an award for his performance. Besides that this movie will surprise you.
 Dy-lawn E 	  Easily the best super hero movie I've ever seen, and I love super hero movies. Outstanding character development! We need more R rated super hero movies!
 Taylor H 	  It's basically the best movie I've ever seen.
 Andan C 	  Most awesome X-men's movie all the time.
 Fran S 	  An excellent, violent, raw, and beautiful swan song for Xavier and Logan
 Tim C 	  Another Closing Chapter started slow finished average overall ok storytelling
 Danny D 	  why is this his last one? I wanted more of Hugh Jackman as wolverine like this movie. this movie was unbelievable. dark knight was my favorite comic book movie of all time until now. no joke it had everything in a movie you want and more. it had realism it had great characters it had a good story it had great action but most importantly to me it had heart and emotionality which I absolutely didn't expect in it. hats off to fox for green lighting this movie and Deadpool because if that wasn't a box office hit this movie would not be made. And thank you Hugh Jackman. if he doesn't get nominated for best actor I'm not watching the Oscars ever again. Patrick Stewart was awesome. the little girl was bad ass. just a masterpiece of a film.
 Tony I 	  A great movie with a great plot, storyline and script. A stellar, emotional performance by Jackman and Steward. The grit, and in your face violence just adds icing to the cake. Oh, I forgot to mention, this is a super hero movie, an X-Men movie.
 Nav D 	  The end of the x men
 Jason C 	  Kinda long, character development was traded for action, story line was too "severe". Otherwise, was OK.
 Cheyenne W 	  It's an amazing movie with a great plot and it left me extremely emotional afterwards. 10 out of 10 would recommend and 10 out of 10 would see again.
 Eric H 	  Logan is a great movie and I hate superhero movies.
